Guys, we were here live.
and it seems that dallas has gone up a
one hour and two minute video for
Responding to we michu is worth a point
point the video is titled like this continues
lying win michu dismantled it period
by point every good myth is going to be lost
his line went up
Very well Orlando, thank you very much for
warn you will not be offended by this
thumbnail where they put him crying because
In fact, in the video he complained that
they put the miniature crying
But well, let's watch the video to see what it is.
what it's about is not what it's about, it's already something
what it deals with but let's see if
really powerful mind strong or not in
In this video I'm going to dismantle all the
Wish Mission Lies Your Video in the
I'm doing it in the least amount of time possible
in parallel a minute reaction to
minute of all the things I did
because all the things you say are
bolt and is having quite good
acceptance no
there is not enough good acceptance
to keep in mind that in 2017
any video I uploaded to dallas when
was responding and so on to the video in
Michu was more of a like on live
and that might happen on my channel, isn't it?
so relevant because on my channel we are
speaking of an average of 5,000-10,000
likes on each video are worth it but in a
channel of facts that has as much as
average like what average likes does it have
Dallas in a video and good michu 100 thousand
200 thousand nonsense, no, we're not talking about it anymore.
that there are many people who have
changed his mind or analyzed further
the things that notice her
It is perfectly mountable but in this case
video specifically I go to the points
most important of all to uncover
quickly so that any
person that I would have made thanks
Javier is the pol with onions
caramelized will touch begging will know it
If I had made this video first
I would have made this video first
before the reactions I would have
made this video first
would have uploaded it today if it had been posted
in beas in the reactions do this
video directly for this afternoon
I would have had it early and that's it.
then the reactions of course already
simply uncover the lies of
wish niche can once again do
This video is also going to be full
of tests everywhere and links like this
that I recommended if you want to use it and
read it carefully first it hides
when a person has absolutely
nothing to hide, he doesn't mind talking
face to face with another person and
offering to wish male from the
beginning of time speak face to face
face that we can both say our
arguments face to face the fact that
He doesn't want to, it's not because he has already
overcome because it comes when it feels
cornered has made another video
saying a bunch of nonsense if you don't
basically does it to hide and not
having to face my face
saying that their arguments that use their
videos I always agreed that
in which basically
things are always seen in a debate
Of course, that's why I always challenge debates.
also to people when I have a
problem in a debate there it is, it's expensive
I can answer you with arguments
there is no manipulation at the moment there is no
cuts there is nothing knows
as these two are, I the subject of
I see a debate as a fantasy, no
we are going to win it would be the best nothing
They had a debate but not a debate
It would be to fix things in a
debate would be for one to look better than
the other
Well these things that we call that
we call debates on youtube
They are not debates in reality we have
said many times
to fix things I think that
You should talk privately first, okay?
to reach an agreement on what point
to treat and what points to fix for each one
so that 2 benefit if they are
If they remain in a debate, they will hit each other
[ __ ] in the end the people who support the web
I'm going to keep believing things that
release win michu and dallas
From my point of view it will leave
very bad to wish michu because the argument
From my point of view the other one is not
holds nowhere
God because he knows that at the moment in which
who speaks to me face to face falls
the whole theater and will remain as a
liar which even subscriber
From wish michu you should demand that
talk to me face to face place that gives its
cowardly videos in his little ionized house
by his lawyer with a lot of legal verbiage
and whoever owes nothing fears nothing like I do
I always tell the truth, I have no
problem receiving any type of
ask or answer any type of question
thing because I always speak the truth
He wants to hide you a lot and that's why he doesn't
wants to talk face to face about Bilin
These are the most important points
It seemed to me that he was weak and a guy is there because
This guy is the criminal of the most wish
I think that living, I don't know if it comes out or not.
send a screenshot or a message or audio
something I have a criminal record that
you have are real you can see here
Javi, I don't understand why you don't have masses.
You are very good and I listen to your prayers
your videos as if it were a radio
true I hope you get better a lot
There will be grace, yes, that will not only try
attack mommies I have also tried
trash other YouTubers in
In this case, a YouTuber who recently
He apologized to me in the best way
in a video we have together in the
I'll leave this channel here, I recommend it to you.
see these
I publicize the male wish without any
type of permission from Sara
after having been intimidating her
for two hours straight and saying
He manipulated everything and cut out the messages
I tried wherever he wanted
understand but it doesn't occur to me, I've been carrying all
the afternoon turning around because there will be
censored the time uncle be because that
censor in my name ok for that is that he
will say that there is surely
censored the name and something for
that it is not known what it is now but I believe
that your intention has been that it
know that it will be done because let's see if
you're talking about a youtube first
putting into context what he has done as
who has apologized and has a
cordial relationship that has been faked
because she felt threatened so that she wouldn't
I made a video for him about 2013, I don't know
how much is that it is very clear I think that
He did it because he was screwed
people around you
Look, that can't be, dude, it can't be.
being in Dallas you have to have it like the
Internet stinker Sara, what are you doing to me?
Sara Vale has failed and we will have to see what
What would you put on Sara? You'll have to see that
She told me that he had a thousand
who never speaks to you in life and suddenly
He was talking to him, reproaching him for things
with some incredible ceilings you'll have to see
what I would put on it
As you know, I speak the truth and in Sara
has unfollowed wish macho on
all your social networks but I insist not
It's enough of an argument for you
Let me introduce you to one more now that has
fatal past by
the day you uploaded our video
I was quite nervous and anxious
because I knew it was going to impact me
Many people actually came to me several times
people to say why I apologized
with you something that I would do again
supposed because I already told you that you
you deserved an apology from me and
were totally sincere
I don't understand what my dog is doing
It really is the rarest dog in the world
world
In fact, thanks to that we have a very
good relationship, well that night I
Win Michu came asking me for explanations
about the video of my apologies to him
I didn't mention him at any time and it's more
I asked you not to mention it in levels
that she never speaks badly of Win to me
Michu, I have spoken to her a thousand times and
There are times when we have been chatting
long time ago it's not that I have the
trust with her incredible
tell us things but it is true
that neither she has failed me nor ever
thing that I have told nor am I going to tell you
Failing her is never worth the things that
She tells me and literally never tells me again
They speak ill of Wii Michu because I never
speaks ill of Michu
and he wanted to put nothing on us, he wanted it
apologize to dallas to clarify your thing
2013 the things that already about humor those
[ __ ] no and period he didn't want to mention
no one in the video and comes to reproach him
to ask him for explanations
because that's how he forgives
sorry, so you can't, you can't
give the donkey a good image
This is tremendous, I see, this is tremendous
Well, very well, very politely,
He said everything very politely to me.
of everything and how could I do that to him
when I literally just apologized like
I was anxious and wanted to take one off him.
a little bit of iron into the matter and the guy goes and
upload these things without my consent
without consulting me and behind my back
harm me because obviously even if not
be my name it is known that it is me
simply mind-blowing that it is not that the
screenshot even if it doesn't say
video is known that she and that is that she has
put on purpose has already done it as in
revenge because the emblem would bother
That day it would burn like hell that
Aurum Play's girlfriend also apologized
apologized to Dallas publicly
I imagine that one would burn like crazy.
group not seeing that day all this not
Well, in revenge, well, not only in
revenge but to make it clear
publicly that people think that
Sara, you have really blamed us.
gets along well with the one who did it because
she felt threatened, how amazing it is
mind-blowing, but on top of that, you would think
He who will go will remain silent.
before made because of this same
criminal offender because as long as
trying to discredit me gives me
completely equal to the type to be loaded in
against a girl who supposedly
She was a colleague and partner of yours, that is why she has not
had no respect uncle has not
had no respect for these people
It doesn't matter who gets run over
in his war with Dallas, whoever it may be
you've already seen what they've done
Cristina Bernal who, as a good
and I still understand that in the trial
to save your ass because in the end you
you want to win the trials but what
publish the video part above
where are you accusing Christina of
having lied about his age when everyone
We know that it is not like that
that's already it
He's already been through so much that he doesn't even
I wanted to talk about this issue publicly
and at first he told me that he preferred
not to speak at all about the subject and
I was going to avoid it even though that
It could undermine my credibility because
first and foremost regarding your privacy
above all but luckily more
He went ahead and gave me permission to publish it.
and it is absolutely sad how bad it is
has made a girl go through that
It has nothing to do with the thing between you and
I think the girl hasn't done live today
because I was so nervous about this dude
that is to say, he has not had an iota of respect for him.
respect, I'm not shooting for Ral or anything
You know I freak out, I freak out, man, I know that
in order to divide it with all of Dallas
they pull to make it would be by
in front of whoever is an uncle and it's like why
because he has apologized to him and you
burned because no no no no it's not that it gives the
It has to be the plague, give it to him
we want it to be the plague internet
all to try to discredit his
sorry because that's what I was trying to do
take to zoom in to make it look like that
People don't apologize to me because
I'm really sorry for that apology, but
that people argue with me only
because they don't want me to do a
video which is stupid so why
Please, I ask you as a favor to support
both Sara and Auron because this
criminal guy has dedicated himself to
expose them without even asking their permission
to try to use arguments against me
and what it has achieved is that a lot
people have to force to say that it is a
false because of course if it comes to my face
He asks for forgiveness and then tells him
People don't just say it out of obligation.
You will think it is a fake but it is not
not at all the true context of
This is what the guy spent during
a lot of time scaring her like he did
loves to do and she simply does him
He said that he will do that with him, he will shut up because he is
what he wanted to hear and it is a
person who does not want to get involved
problems with no one who literally already
doesn't want to get involved in this
He doesn't want to get involved and apologized to him.
Dallas because they had their move and
because at that moment it also exploded
all the fuss of people trying
cancel it and had to go out and talk
but that which
does not want to be surrounded by controversy
That's if you're going to tell him something, please.
that it is to support her one hundred percent
Maybe someone can say ah
But why do you say that if you really don't?
He feels sorry because the guy is so
heavy and his ex is also so heavy and
his new girlfriend is so annoying that he
can say a lot of things until
They no longer wanted their own game but
I didn't know what they were going to use these for.
messages to cut them out wherever they are
I felt like it and then publish them and
Besides, the poor girl told me just now
a few minutes that he couldn't do today
straight from the anxiety of all the hit
that has fallen on him because of this
criminal and she without having told him yet
nothing the same day of the video he told me
wish many video there are some screenshots
mine after two hours of coercion
me when I didn't want problems with
Nobody is worth this, it is very important to read it.
He doesn't want problems with anyone and you for
you put your holy balls in that no
has nothing to do with it then he gets to
talk about what it is that if I talked about
Jordi Wild, but you're watching yourself.
putting this girl who has nothing
what to see is how he has been suffering for
your incredible fault
You do not seek justice because you get involved
third party matters and just made the
above are not third parties but a
girl who doesn't suppose to like you
destroys wish macho
as now well for the moment what is
doing is disassociating from them and there
He has been doing it for a long time now.
That is to say, it is obvious from miles away that
wants to be unlinked from linked
does not want does not want them to be in front of you
In ancient times they related and listened
Aura and Win Michu love us now, that's for sure.
note a mile away at about euros in a
interview with ibai with the repercussion
who has a car and vice interview
They are the two biggest right now okay
and auro saying that win micro never like that
That friend friend who is more like a
buddy
to her friend was justice just
saying tweets and everyone got me into
Ingrid also came to touch the balls
For my part, I am on your side and my
Apologies are real to this scoundrel
I'll follow him now, I could do anything to him.
the world because it has no shame
I'm glad Sarah gave you a
follow and I hope everyone likes you
unfollow me too because what you
you have made this poor girl put it in
in the middle without any sense
and manipulate your conversations with her
to use it as a throwing weapon is
important absolutely nothing as it is
I felt it was despicable afterwards but
really despicable, many people already know
that she is now
because he has no shame I am glad
which is to put it in the middle by behaving
absolutely nothing like it felt
Aurum items or ex have ended
wonderfully really my
congratulations to those who also put things
From the chat with Auron to the pone you are not worth it
that I was looking for that because I
Greeks had been with a second now
same ex of Aurum have ended in two
hours I have fallen guys michu what
disappointment
When I saw him last night, that can't be true.
say anything in public until she doesn't
I would like to because I respect her and I
Let her tell me if you don't want to, I won't say
She knows nothing and when she told me last night
that he had not given his consent to
When he posted this, I was shocked.
Now because I first said ok already
Well, that's it, now he's sold us out.
He has told us something perhaps because
any move and such but when you
I talked to her and she explained to me what I mean
the [ __ ] is really great
Javi, I commented on the Dallas video.
Part 3 that guys michu was leaving to
Sara, you hypocrite and false, tell her that I'm going to
grab it and I apologize to both of us
I also asked Auron for permission, I did.
I ask permission because if you don't give me one
permission not public because they are people
that even if they are not my friends I have them
respect is that basically what there is
to do
I asked for forgiveness because it came out of my
balls because I'm 32 years old and 7 u ago
8 I behaved like an idiot to you
Nobody has forced me to do anything, I asked him.
permission also to publish this like this
that he gave me permission and we were
talking I was here talking to you about him
guy had provoked a guy to come
a lot of people telling you a lot
from garbage to the poor without her eating it
not even drink it and all to make a point
super stupid that his point is that the
people don't really ask me for forgiveness and
Now he tells me exactly how I asked for forgiveness
because it came out of the lame because
I am 32 years old and 7 or 8 years ago I behaved
with you like an iniesta next to me no one
He has forced me to do anything and I tell him
really how disgusting even with all the
I'm crazy that the press has set up you're
seeing there is nothing literal of truth what
horror is I have not met them
not from the press, it is that the press
media of the media
old press releases made of the
that they are colleagues is worth it because both the
lawyer as such we have already seen and we have
proven that they are followed with many
journalists and that's why you always know that
I, I think this is shameless, no
but it is necessary to explain it, right?
because they always appear in the press and
when I win or when they put
complaint
and the articles are the least objective
that you can show your face, okay, and then
They come out in the press when when
Dallas is the one who complains when they win
when nothing
to the media of this public not one day
We are going to review them all and that is that
I have it at full scale, that is, I have draft at
all the journalists who are always
the same ones are always the same okay and
I am an exchange of favor and a throw but
Let's say that at least there are more and more
people know the truth and never listen
in person and I have more respect for them
the one that you who are supposedly a partner
business and you are therefore auron as
for his now ex-partner Sara and for real
Thank you again, Aurora, and Sara.
for truly giving me permission to be able
teach this because without your help
Honestly, I wouldn't even know how to have
answered that damn point so
Thank you for allowing me, it's so simple
as if I had answered because I
I was the one who gave me between Dallas and Sara and
I have the conversations, well, that
I would not publish them without your permission either.
that she did not feel threatened
we did everything in a good mood
organically I spoke to her
He told me about this support, I no longer think about it.
I don't know what he gives me, I don't know how much he gives me.
tells of many little things of the same and
when I saw I don't remember what
I was talking
and talking to her with him and then
let's try and I told her today
that was you would talk to the sitar and she
Carlos told me he was going to talk and put it in
contact, that is, she did not feel threatened in
At no time did she know if she
I would have made a video if not
what a very strong guy, very strong to expose it
and please don't let anyone say that Sara is
false simply simple that is not
wanted to get into trouble and told him
what I wanted to hear after now
follow behind her and do a lot
of manipulations that I can't even tell you about
the incredible details to have friends
as wish michu don't have enemies in
macho guys with more background
coerces his victims the macho wish
not content with this and bring in people from
third that has nothing to do with
send hate to Sara or for arguing a
ridiculous point what he did is also
attempting to coerce future victims
I want you to listen to this testimony well
I don't even know what a woman has
led this girl to say things
what is he saying I don't know if Dallas has it
pressed or manipulated to do so
I know if you have met any
impostor who pretended to be me in
chatroulette what I do know is that I
I have never committed such acts and that
These accusations are very serious because
that I will take legal action both
against Dallas as against this girl
You just heard that, the new tactic
of wish macho to try to intimidate
all the victims he has had
threaten to contain legal proceedings
against them and that you are going to report that
You're going to report Mr. Bottles.
some of your bottles that you gave to yourself
same to say this nonsense or that
How are you going to report a person who
is accusing you of having abused
She has spread out, I'm going to tell you
none of any kind because if you have
been a victim of this character and
accounts he can't have any kind of
act just got in with auron end of
male wiss
I just put in now what I don't
It was a fight that attacked Begin yesterday
I'm already tired of these two, they're going to fight
until the end u2 churro
yesterday attacking wine and that can be seen here
We are billions here, kid, if we see that
we blocked him I've already said that I have
pitbull if it was like that if someone said something
I don't know how well people know about her.
She's putting something that it was her who
in fault and such and I acted like a fool like
if I hadn't realized that it was
she was the one in the conversation because she had
that talking to her beforehand is worth actions
against you because because you are
telling the truth and it doesn't matter at all
that you have the chat roulette that you don't
you have is irrelevant because if it was something
that you lived you lived it and he didn't
You can accuse me of lying and this
He knows it very well, he knows it perfectly well
that cannot take any kind of
legal action against the girl or
against me or anyone else even less
when a complaint is now filed against him
collective to him several different girls
for all the grooming acts he did
on social networks but since the guy is
[ __ ]
[ __ ] in his pants that he dedicates himself to
to intimidate by saying that he is going to take
legal actions so that any
girl who dares to listen to this
He gets scared but this is worth it
grief
I hope you can take the strength and the
courage
to look for lawyers
or it's no problem for me either, it doesn't give me any problem
fear
I'm here and then for her
so that they are not ashamed so that they are not
they feel sorry for them
because if he did it to us, no
We know that it will be in the future
because that is pedophilia
This guy is good
The worst thing is if I have to give it to him but be there
on YouTube
but first be on YouTube
I was looking for little tits, not to record them and
profit
I'm leaving the internet and in a way
easy you have to go look but it is not
the same is not the same is not the same
but even better was not the new ally
feminist who said that you had to believe
All victims must be believed.
all the victims except those who
expose it to him above you check you see that
Saiz the best of the subject is full
Internet of tests says he who has never
done those acts which is what I have
luckily found my well
subscribers are so good that there is
an extensive compilation of all the
tweets that Lewis Machos has dedicated to
keep deleting and you see the best of the topic
don't see if he has deleted tweets
more than a hundred and erased in the last
week or delete has deleted tweets of
we have done it here in many live shows
we have been watching how it erased
things when before the trial we
Here live we find more things
new things that the fairy had put in her
it is worth it and he agrees with us
We were finding them and erasing them.
that it made no sense that you erase them and
nor because if they are no longer there
presented at trial cannot be
present okay or so I have many things
that I have been finding things that
They have said about me and no longer having the
I'll keep it presented just in case
I can use but what is presented
It is presented and there is what you don't know
It's very funny this is the
collection of tweets containing the
word photo and facts
just those kinds of words are 20 pages
of pure tweets saying that kind of thing
3a things are the most fun of all ice
I'm freaking out while compiling
I found that the guy is starting to
ask other guys to send you pictures
of her friends will be the best
remember this tweet from yesterday and I left you the
link on my twitter where the guy says
who only follows girls who like him
send photos of your breasts and then more
forward when someone asks you how
You may be following a
girl who was born in 98 being the year
2013 when asked he says such
who follows her because I send her photos
of her breasts and they tell her she is 15
years old please wait until I am 18
at least let's combine both tweets
important because I have found things
I'm seeing much worse this part of
here
Here in Tripoli a girl says they are going to get me
take prisoner that you are better well then
Here comes the fun part these
tweets even if you can do them in public
check them all so take a screenshot
and republishing so the girl can be seen
He answers, okay, I'll do it for you, but if I
You do a follow back, okay, guys?
michu who loves to ask for photos of her
breasts to girls to make them polo back
that is, follow the returns
the time with this particular girl
apparently he had some kind of obsession
because on several occasions he would put himself to
reply with published photos and day
What did this girl have at this moment?
In 2013, well if we do a search we
We found that the girl in 2013 was not even 14
years for 15 and treats the neck I am
listening to guys macho the criminal with
background publicly on twitter us
They're asking for photos from 15-year-old fans.
but also 14 and dares to deny
dares to doubt the testimony of a
girl whom he made take off her clothes
when she was 14 years old when she was found
chat roulette you're kidding
Right, guys, macho, you think we are?
silly right the stable but this one is not
the only example because if we continue
Searching we found many more things
here no official spangled until
Send me a photo of you signing the golden rule
here saying that it's going to be a folder
with photos of the fans the police should be
seize the order
and I had put myself here in the description
of the offender to see if he follows them
having because that is you know the type
of no why is this you already know what
It is the milestone that is not prescribed anymore
You know what it's like to ask for it
send them to this email
absolutely stunning and again
the same with another girl says dream
with me and he says only if you take a picture of me
Do you want to see how old this girl is?
Let's check this girl out well.
In 2013 I was 16 years old
obviously if you compare it with the 14
Well, it doesn't seem so serious to you anymore.
It is still minor and continues
requesting that type of content
totally illegal and therefore
should definitely be in the
prison what he does is dedicate himself to trying
intimidate their victims by telling them
that you are going to report them, what are you going to do?
report the criminal that you are going to be
denouncing your failure to listen but
there is more there is much more and if you do
search you will surely find many
more things done while I was
editing has not happened again a few
new where it says let's see those breasts
promised then if I keep waiting
one with my name and also that can be seen
strictly and one says that he is going to
succumb to pressure
class jan marina social to send to him
photos of this criminal telling him this
kind of things and it turns out that the girl doesn't even
He was not even 18 years old, he went to turn 18
years at the end of 2014 and in 2013
early 2013 the wish male was
asking for this kind of things and others
saying that he will succumb to the pressure
social another one that was
asking for this type of photos for
compensate for so much laughter have you seen this or
Do you remember the little French girl what you
I make you happy now you make me happy
which we have found represented
on twitter a photo of your breasts for
I don't know how to make up for making you laugh.
will this girl's type dare to deny it?
I didn't find the age but not very old
it seemed and I think this is the one
worst of all the yes that is doing
grooming all his fans and watching them
all basically the same but not from him
You will see silos in the press saying that
he does blooming for social no no
because he has bought the
press prisoner everyone published a
press release licking his balls
just the same day he published the
video instead when I expose the
guy is a criminal with a history
purchased not
Well bought has no colleagues
your lawyer has colleagues or your friend
They have colleagues but it is clear that the
objective press is not knowing is clear
that the objective press is not unprecedented
penal and one step away from jail no one
Not a single news outlet says
absolutely nothing about it will still be said
It is a coincidence that the entire press
publishes news on the same day as the
publish the video, this is the worst case
Of all these the most disgusting thing about
All you can tell me is that it can
be a coincidence well but they are because
They are big YouTubers but the day they come out
the news
the news in all the newspapers that
in the same newspapers also always
They are the same newspapers, okay?
They report mine and Antonio is
like who am I a 200 thousand youtuber
subscribers who know me so that
get out of the media what relevance
This girl has that which you think she is
exactly the same they are talking about
some police officers who told him some
adult comments in
the years 2012 and 13, which she calls them
We were sick today, minors put it
capital letters as minors would be in 2013
let's find out I looked older
but not so much says that it is not expensive
minor says body of 22
13 is the ones that were 13 years old are the ones
when he was 13 years old, this guy started to
request this type of photos from girls
13 14 15 16 this is what the guy did
and ask them to send him photos so
to make up for having made them laugh
Does this seem normal to you? Does this seem like something?
normal
the guy is able to say I have not
never done that what I do know is that I
I have never committed such acts and that
These accusations are very serious because
that I will take legal action both
against galas like against this girl wow
You don't even believe it again if you are
some of the girls you send six
photos of this guy to his email or wherever
if you go and want to report it, I'll tell you two
things one you will not receive any complaint
for his part because he has no right
to report that to you first and second
We will all defend you one hundred percent
one hundred and you have my full support from a law firm
of lawyers there is on this
case right now that these garbage that
he is saying he does it to try
cover up their crimes and if you don't believe me
My question to any lawyer is this
guy can't report you for
absolutely nothing and it doesn't matter if you have
passed to the photo
She asked for it and you will spend it consenting
you were under 13 years old even not
has no right to ask
absolutely nothing now how angry he is
guy is able to keep lying and
parties clowning mind-blowing but worse is
that there are all the public things that
all these things are still public and
These tweets are what they follow
existing, this tweet is still valid
still existing, look how it updates
the page and being here and existing the
guy himself who had the decency
still trying to erase this also struggled to
delete whatever you want, everything is more
that registered, look at the cheeky one
exposed nudes of minors in any way
I have shown the video and I can
prove whoever says otherwise with
intention to defame me will have to
you will not answer to justice
answer to justice so you're going to
answer to justice that is also
you are so ridiculous that inter cords it
that you yourself published on Twitter that
ridiculousness or I'm going to jail
I haven't been about to go either.
that with the above I will take measures
legal against those who claim it, look
how angry he is, 'pijaos' like him
It bothers him to be told that he is going to go to the
jail because he knows it's true
who is one step away from jail because
already has a criminal record because already
He was convicted for the Wish bottle throwing
Michu is a criminal despite everything
the evidence that I will show you dares to
say it if it arrives open
I have traveled throughout this last year
because I have a few francs, welcome
in fact of the trip
peace that I showed you dares to say it
next I also that I have not traveled to
throughout this last year because
I have some alleged background but
who has not traveled in the last year
said the Dalai was never the Dallas never
He said that he has not traveled in the
last in the last year the dallas I think
who made reference to Andorra and
the US thing, meaning the United States
clear sources because it was the movie of
the penultimate of the Avengers how it is
called
of the language the film of the
Avengers put it on the kid no
what was changing the angels worth
Jonathan, welcome. That was in 2018, okay?
when they went on air and now
it turns out
in 2017 in 2017 in 2017 I think it was the
infinity ward and I think it was in 2017 and
then
I don't remember the dates well but the one of
the one in game was after this date
okay, according to what is public, Dallas is all
He was sentenced on November 14, 2018
Okay, so the movie The End Game was
after and he came out saying that for
some reason he had not been invited
that he had no problem with Disney
or anything but that his blas invited her
Welcome, thank you very much, don't you dare?
to say the following but this year
not this year is that in fact if it is
can travel
We are in a pandemic but it can be done
travel and each one there with what he does
No, for example, I don't travel in the summer.
In the summer I did go to where I spend my summers.
but super controlled without getting close to
no one the other four of the family
That's enough and we're not going anywhere.
part where there was no one, just give it your all
the time but I see people in
Instagram that goes to Disneyland all the time
I've seen that roll, they'll get ready.
to travel as I will travel if you can
also that I have not traveled throughout
This last year because I have some
alleged background andrew many
thank you
there is a global pandemic supposedly
such a compulsive liar that he is capable of
talking about assumptions is capable of denying
these tests that you are seeing now and
treat them as assumptions this guy
thinks people are stupid liar
compulsive to levels and on top of that saying
It's because of a global pandemic, of course.
That's why the blond has been able to move to
Andorra and you no of course and Auron
It has also been during the pandemic no
because there is a website where they will really put it
compulsive liar and tries to
alleged rooms only look for problems
As you know, the male wish always does
the same as throwing the stone and hiding the
hand and now that people see how the
guy is a piece of liar nobody cares
is supporting even though there is a zasca coming
from Dallas
Now they have their faith in YouTube that they have
put into trends on purpose and that
It has served him and I don't think that people
have your faith in YouTube they have it
I can understand if I don't believe that myself.
I think it's just to see what I'm doing.
The only thing that bothers me a little
It is the fact of the
of the
What I find right about the video The Wind
is the
Damn, light and six kilos line no
They match the comments but oh well
Infinity Ward premiered in April.
2018 and was sentenced in November
2018 dates really match up
Infinity Ward you won't say in Gain
Infinity Ward was before in 2018 if it is
true but then the one in game in what
date was after after
November 2018 no if I looked I checked
the date and 18 of squaring the block that it
I imagine it could be a trend
due to the number of comments there are
that does not stop people here from commenting is
a beastliness and why it is not
The same as Win Michu, I make a video.
It's a trip to Holland in July and October
without any problem and without controls
Even for traveling there were no problems
and you can travel
There have been times when some
sometimes there were times in the beginning in
the strong strong but that of
trend I don't think it's a buyer and
plug urinate I think that simply
a whip michu video you don't expect
for example a video of dallas you
you wait, people are not surprised but
a video of a michu by people like
more [ __ ] today many some videos to see
Dallas
is not supporting him at all
buy all the cans with the likes you want
whatever you want on social networks where
You can't get your hands on it like Twitter or yours.
own YouTube subscribers are seen
clearly how they are leaving you yes exactly
In 2019 it premiered on name for no
support each and every one of them for that reason
and you lose tens of thousands during
the last few days and that's why he has played
yesterday despite trying to coordinate with
YouTube with the press and with everyone
world to give me the most amazing attack
strong as possible restless and upload it to your
main channel which is what we said
yesterday and your move was to upload it
on its main channel as having more
force more force and in the video it says in
the description of the 2017 video for
give him more infusion
all that has worked for nothing and the
people are starting to see the kind of
person that you are and they are showing it
of subscribing to your channel is that
Since he is cornered, look at what he says
your videos and mine without counting a
media guy putting on a media circus
It's the best thing about the song without setting up a circus.
media after the press but that
from taking to that this is not solved in
I plan to delete the videos had weird ones
videos, so things need to be fixed here
statements that have been made and so on
that I offered this to him long before
all these videos but the guy is lying
heard is very strong later do
a threatening video to follow
with the circus a threatening video with the
what is the last chance circus?
call the video let's listen I'm going to be you
very sincere I am able to solve
all these things are just natural that
I will delete each and every one that is threatening
the video and the videos that I have as
EU citizen can travel by
any EU country freely
even if you have a criminal record
Outside Europe it's another thing
Yes, of course, but the gain was in the
angels and the thing about Andorra was because it was
He said that the truth is not told or not that
He wanted to move there and that
some reason has gone well for us
defending myself there will not be one left
I have found no trace of any of them.
heard that and the only thing I was
asking in the video was simply
solve things just the guy
which made me completely ignore now that
It is more than discovered that it is the video
It was not threatening that I that the
Lies are shameless, man, you can see it
Chemistry class to Wish Michu
Physically he looks a little emaciated
that it doesn't have to be going well
These villains, besides, I think when I see them
the other papers that Dallas puts no
those of the resources where the others
papers not those of the resource that says
that
There was another judge before the judge of his own
judgment is valid in one of the resources where
They tried to file them to that
there is no judge
judge who does see the intention to insult and
which tells him that he also remains a victim
Nana, this is the paper we saw.
in the video I made on the channel
main no
then I understand I think this
paper is worth it, there is none here, you can't
stop in the spirit of Fendi and also in
the other paper also says that
to those of us who remain victims, nanay that
that thing about victims that makes no sense
none then I think that he even
the last moment
has had in his head the possibility
further
that he had lost to that of winning
Okay, I think that when he was
with winning he will have said [ __ ], eye
and when I am, people realize that
he is a liar then he had to steal
videos without mounting a certain improvement
mine like this without mounting a type
media cafe
fresh on top is such a liar that you do not
account that for the criminal complaint that
I put it before going to trial.
an opportunity to mediate
what is called conciliation that
David Bravo tweeted that
It exists that if they send you a conciliation
a guy with a backwards cap who doesn't
accept it
My lawyer showed up at the mediation
with the capacity to mediate they do not
They just didn't want to do it, but
On top of that, they threatened to report me.
touch my balls again, you can
I think there is no greater liar than this.
which gives the appearance as you know it
Wish Michu's comic was to paint me
me as if I were the evil evil of
the movie while reading the
kind angel who had never made me
absolutely nothing in it is very strong everything
I hope Dallas achieves justice for the
Affected women, kisses from Argentina
Rafael, thank you very much
man remains the civilian to give it to him
decide on the things I tell him and such
I don't know if this will have much
tour seeing what the has had
criminal maybe civil yes but you already know
I mean, these YouTube things, man.
I wouldn't bring YouTube to NATO and I would take it
to trials, YouTube fights, I would have
made this video that he made with the
Girl, it's healthy that I'm not going to be there.
to get into whether that is true or not
true yes I believe it I don't believe it myself
There is no obviously because it is a very topic
cloudy is very delicate if called
there is a complaint in front or there are things to comment on
and when it is so serious but I that in
instead of having made a video with it is with
That girl I would have gone where she had to go
go directly he knows can I say in
I don't want to get into that topic because it is
very delicate and I'm afraid you know how to put me in
in more trouble sincerely then
If one day there are complaints that are made
public or whatever then yes
to give an opinion is like everyone else's, but that
I tell you there are things that are not
There are things in court that I would not take to court.
youtube and youtube things that we
I would take to court I don't know how many
people exactly what they feel
harassed you know that they go to the
people of his alleged harasser to
take a photo with a sign that is
literally 100 meters from where
there was my house but not only this but
a huge amount of tweets that the
very good type be horrible things
had even the sign where my
town and the guy living in Madrid
Imagine if you are from Madrid, you came to me
town that is hidden by the mountain
take a photo from the year 2013 imagine
then clearly saying how it's going to go
through all the portals until you find
my house insulting me of course afterwards
saying that he had to avoid me with his
uncle give the vision but even better in
events that he had absolutely no idea about
nothing to do with it, he started to like it
tweets from your fans where they said that I
They were going to throw bottles at my event and the
fan realizes and says [ __ ] the
wish michu you sign up too but
your obsession with the bottles pays for them
bottles this man is a lifelong
already chronic and he answers I will be in
Corua but I'm not going because I'm going
finish it
thank you so much
prison I hope you do what you have
what to do in 2014 so that I hope that
do what you have to do to your
followers and then keep doing the
victim saying that it is that it is that it is going to
say many things the afternoon dedicated a thousand
videos but in my life I have called
no one to see bottles thrown or
absolutely nothing is a criminal and
In the end, what your fans did
was to take a poster to expose it to the
behind my talk and take a picture
that said wish michu manda and the guy did it
publishes on his twitter saying
creepy banner at the talk
dallas yesterday my talk by the way for
the laughter partly talking about everything
who had been suffering these last few years
years and the guy starts publishing this
on his Twitter the harassed in 2014 and
I also dedicated myself to part of their shows
where it had nothing to do and here
You have some friends in the show
I exercise that which wins the mature bug
He said in one of his shows that he hopes my
mother had aborted
and Joaqun says, "I [ __ ] love history."
complete is that he said that and everyone
he laughs his head off at the end confirming what
He says that with the mother there had to be
aborted in insulted on twitter more
his ex-girlfriend leaves him saying that I have
that I stop living wishing that they do it to me
This is directly very strong all
This and all this because I responded to
This kind of thing is what he wants
He responded at that moment in iria he all
For a while can you please stop
mention me in every tweet you post
I don't know how to say it anymore, I who am
you and the club leave three things alone one
legal loophole Dallas is not a pedophile
wish michu is deleting tweets for
some reason to draw conclusions
Brave Dallas, great Javi didn't understand
your message but thanks for the super
chat yo
wow wow is the ultimate but
remember it because the truth is that it is done
strong to brothers like wow man that I
They sent a tweet today from Ingrid saying
When will this nightmare end, hopefully
someday we can live in peace and that is how
You have a guy here who you have
thrown hit hit hit hit hit
stick hit hit hit hit hit hit hit
for years until the uncle already
burst has already told me I have to
defend colleague means of defending
Luc Delhaye and he starts insulting me now
Telling me to block them wasn't that you didn't
affected
then harassing my ex-girlfriend in
that then scenario that there is
Clicks is my area that was previously called
clicks then changed the name to my
area but at first its channel in fact
I have an interview with her where she
She says it was called something else like that
It's great that it's unfair to support but
I recommend that you publicly
keep out of it
and always talk about the girlfriend who doesn't
I spoke to defend myself, I never told him
that I surpass myself and now you can say
you surpass me but you are watching yourself
literally you are seeing here you are
mentioning here and he starts threatening me
with publishing wonderful things go here
a lot more
so you're seeing here are
mentioning here is put
that would make your hair stand on end
new stalker yacht
ends with publish other levels and
You are in today's topics re things
wonderful see here much more and more
old tweets where you can be mentioned
to a roll that I had at that time and
You can call it ugly, don't miss it
to another minister interfering in my life
then more of this with the same
then saying this getting more involved with
some girl or the one who knows that the
moment posting my face on his twitter
and telling me more insults then Lewis
male contacting me just to tell me
what was I doing to my ex and how much
trauma how much harassment how much trauma more
things you can pause and watch
then ingrid getting into a tweet where
I was just talking about the fact that the
Isi was my longest possible partner.
say the dates don't match me and here
What do you care what my relationship is anymore?
long you are the shortest relationship I have
Ingrid had that we were together a
a year and a bit I think I remember in total and still
Today, eight years after it happened,
we leave if it is still with the same eight
years later and then
and I mean I've had girlfriends but I
I've been with girlfriends for 13 years now.
Lorena no
for many years now I have not heard
It happens this way
hating an ex-girlfriend there ends better or
worse
to get through life, don't be a raisin
tremendously you don't remember not me that
I'm like the one from Hamas, I haven't ended badly.
with no one or almost no one I think it is in
plan without anyone no way I don't know if I have
a place to say hello if I have to see
another level and the years go by and go by
The years and years pass and it is no longer that
What she says is good, she never has any value for her.
He will always dislike Dallas.
He's going to hate it, he's never going to be able to see it.
that I want but that I am retweeting that
They are retweeting as the years go by
the years and they keep retweeting things that
Sean vs. Enosa is still pending
He is a man who pretends that he is clear
I told him very bad things
Don't believe all this, it's worth it, this is very
strong please I want you to see this
because on top of the guy how he manipulates
how to manipulate listen to this let's go
listen to your clipping and we will listen
what I was actually saying was hearing that
There is an explanation for this to me.
the click seems very ugly when it comes
video
and then
Have you seen that funny cut? No no.
put the fragment that completes truth
because he is not interested, right?
manipulators let's listen to the complete
see when you have to hide this type
Bis michu told me that he was going to come to me
home to break my face, that's what he told me
uncle
It's raining, come on guys, michu, it's a blah blah
blah blah blah have you seen how it cuts
wherever he wants and he does it
to specifically avoid tweets
where the guy told me he was coming to
my house but instead with this all my
answer is his little game is always
manipulate and cut where it gives you the
wins to make it look like he is the one
Poor little Huixm Chito, I am so bad.
that I am the one who answers or is
manipulating all over your face and still
There are people who still have comments left over
wow I didn't know this one I promise you, I mean
When I saw the clip it was
We were reacting, I said, okay, [ __ ] it
This is ugly, I don't know at what point in
what context would say it but it is not
justifiable is ugly
wow I hadn't realized that
there was a cut in the middle wow level no
be always equally so that nothing
you yes it is yes thank you it is that you do not
you can believe anything you can't believe yourself
nothing in the end dares to defend
wish macho incredible is that my
chatroulette were only for those over the age of
age let's remember to see how he tried
macho guys to those supposedly older than
age to listen because the guy says that
are university students listening to how he treats
supposed university students
a painting a painting now that they are not there
looking now that they are not looking run
run go like that to the university is
You wouldn't say it's a shitty drawing.
of the sentence itself in the same
bus video vision grace the cut s
with
it's a striped one
It says Dallas
and that he was threatening to go to her
house from the face
here is the video I am here
Yes, but what minute is that going to lead to?
Yes, I was seeing the pieces of grass
of the sentence that was published
Well, then we'll see if it is that
tool statement in the statement and if it
you make loose but the sentence is not me
If I were one of them, I would publish the sentence.
whole because the public one looks better on me
whole congratulate karime gol and for her
birthday twice as much as me karime didn't
I knew honey
a hug love I didn't see you in the chat in the
chat little sister is not a painting
On top of that, he now says that they are not
looking run run is college girls
because the others had to be at no
be looking but that this case
specific I repeat we do not know exactly
who they are unfortunately have not
contacted these girls but many
others that we have already shown in the video of
before they were even 13 years old like you
I said that kind of disgusting thing is if you
dare part of me I have never done
nothing impressive that I already assumed that
the culprit was the bottle hit and I apologized
First of all I want to remind you that the
guy lied telling people he didn't
had no criminal record and that
on top of that, intimidating people with what
I was going to report them if they said they had
background
Do you remember what it means to show the tweets in
a previous video was not there
lying you deleted your video this one that
You said you weren't going to delete it so that
people don't forget but on top of that
your video I'm doing what people do
that you did it in self-defense people
people believe in self-defense
3 bottle hits to a boy from behind
spit it out if you then run away you are
that if you had a little bit of
credibility would publish its sentence
we want it whole
your sentence and you gave that justice
Spanish could not make it public
accepting the deal and time can be
say as you say I manipulated justice
Spanish when you accept a sentence
before reaching trial the sentence does not
It is public that he knew this and that is why
happy birthday karime face shape
smiling with stars
after Mr. Cof and the Extra Caribbean
Avila is there, congratulations, Caribbean
He manipulated justice so that no one would be
upon learning of his sentence, he came to a
agreement so that precisely that
If the sentence were not public, this is something
that they have already said very I think that if you have
the agreement would not be concrete anymore
It would not be specific because in order to
hid it so that it would not be public
sentence I imagine that it would be
I agree because you would be interested if you are
I agree in general, it is already known
You will also find in the pack that you do not
the sentence was made public to us but
You might also be interested if you are on the
agreement on other things but not only
you know that
that the shot came out really good what
what he didn't count on to give it to
He will report it and then he will get out.
to the student
multiple lawyers from Spain the why
it happens that way so you are the one
the only one who has your sentence to see
exactly what you were sentenced to and how you
condemn it to public because it is not
You publish because you don't publish your sentence
as you were condemned for being a
violent offender and causing injury
with a glass bottle I would love
see that sentence man I would love to see
that sentence a second that I catch a
a little water for that person
I would love to see that sentence because
I want to see what it is that ...
They put what it says in that
sentence because I remember that the girl
I found this in a video by the author
A video of the girl recently came out
saying
that things were the way they were
they counted and that in fact they had it
engraved something in Machu that they had
recorded on audio and that there was also
cameras in the portal
then I would like to see what happened
that sentence because it might say
some of that doesn't he hear because we have water and
Michu saying these words we have
water in portal missions making done
He knows and if he has to unintentionally but he
He's not going to publish it, no way.
jock look I tell you one thing and I'm
I'm sure if we tell Dallas they'll
I'm sure that Dallas
I would publish this without any fear
I have the judgment sentence as in
michu but good mixture of the bottle neither
of ccoo nor abyss
there's no way he's ever going to publish in his life.
to accept it since it has been published
guilt of envy and it was impossible
defend him no I don't think it was for that
of the video for having even though he has
been in the video in the video you
is selling in a way that the other
He was a fascist who was the video is telling you
saying that self-defense
Okay then I think the video as
such
I don't know if it could harm him in the
trial or not because in the end
He's telling you where the kids were
to report the aggression
aggression the bottle the wound the
It is clear that he has a wound, okay?
medical report things not and the video of
whip michu is telling you something that
He is telling you that in defense
own therefore would be the same as
He declares so I think it would not affect him
I think that's what we're not going to do.
never know but if the kids are
saying that they have it recorded and that
there was a camera in the portal, something there
there would be but we will never know
Okay, the video was removed because the video
He didn't remove it because it harmed him.
video would not harm you if you read and
if the video I sent the video
I removed it because it would not harm him.
sense because it was already public but
try once they are published
things people have, download it, okay?
I removed the video because he wants me to
people forget about that in fact in the
This video in which he urges her to
now it says something like take it off
because I don't want my life to be in
internet clarified depending on or because the
anxiety video the reviews don't
you take away and other things you don't take away from your
life videos you have from vacation
you removed it because you don't want that to happen
I know you are interested in that falling into the
I forget one day but at the same time I miss him
in storage
is that in the end that is done uncle and it
I have done it is done
maybe you don't publish it because you know that if
You publish it and your hair falls out even more.
still so really all these
Wish Michu fans, what do you defend?
saying that he was only defending himself
demand that he publish the sentence
demand it from them because they do demand it from me
me to publish sentence with his
innocent and what I have done is that I publish
the bottle company
look look look this is the sentence of
the youngest Eve gives him the must fix this
great video on twitter
It's bothering me that they are
sentences of those of lesser than the
we have been seeing before not that by
true so that it is recorded here
I say it's also worth it, I've put it in my
twitter okay we've been seeing before
the verdict in the minors' case
case of Madrid Vale and we have found
Well, as always, you already know that there is
many people are enemies of Dallas, no, that
They want to tarnish the image of Dallas and
grasps like a burning nail what
'proven facts' sent him a photo of the
naked torso no but nevertheless the
The same sentence applies to this:
that the girl never presented, never contributed
to the cause of the wazani talks
from twitter therefore it could not be done
prove that he sent her a photo that is a
error and is to give it a lot of application
times but then apart we have the
solution to the fault
OK, we must absolve and we absolve
I don't know why the accused, Mr. Daniel
censor the surname if everyone has it
knows about cyberbullying crimes
sexual abuse for which there would have been
accused declaring the costs of this
ex officio procedure
Can someone tell me where it says
acquitted for lack of evidence which is a
judicial term that they have invented
the allies last year because that
term no longer exists or you are guilty or
you are fit car is acquitted point
acquitted due to lack of evidence does not put it
the press never reports it
and on top of that win michu takes his life and says
acquitted is not the same as acquitted for
lack of evidence where it says acquitted for
lack of evidence is innocent without nuances
without nuances and in the sentence itself that
has the dallas of wish michu's trial
They put it on him again in this trial.
acquitted without nuances the nuances will be
invented okay
or where it is guilty that it is published
He's going to do it because he knows how
perfectly that if the public that
the hair falls out even more, even more so
stay profit but I said my first video
But look, I prefer to profit from a
criminal like you do what you
you made money from photos and videos
without the consent of girls whom
you record on the sly and then publish them
the videos out there that you don't see later
They report the videos and you put yourself to
call them and on top of that say that they have
accepted the terms and conditions
before and through lying in another video it was
basically a chat roulette ad
warning that there were scammers and
criminals coming up to record your camera
and the guy takes a notice of
crime like that which is a
criminal to be able to do everything
crime as it pleases
impressive ute lucra of people
innocent but I profit from
criminals and you are an arm of
criminal in my already truled are false
and this is used by the com to try
mislead people by saying no no that
those bring klara lidn actresses and me
I didn't record them if I had included them
some clip in any of those theaters
Let's pretend that a girl doesn't want to
To say that at the same time not public is
Naked Dallas easily dismantles it
Hahaha greetings to the one defending herself she is a
time
to girls without their consent and
This proves that this is why
I say we have stop judging the
report anyone
define yourself in public and in a stadium if necessary
that in the end even if Dallas had
won the trial
I tell you that although Dallas
the people who would have won the trial
This whole group is like a bug
He was acquitted in the juvenile trial
and they clung to whatever it was so they did it
released but due to lack of evidence
because he will absolve you if not
but
laughter with that [ __ ] aunt the long one by
lack of proof because it was going to absorb you
but there is no proof
but any [ __ ] or anything
There also remains the complaint that is
constantly not only here but also
when you saw the television to talk and to
To say explicitly is that I
I'm very sorry there was one you said that they were
fake but how funny here when
other kids would put screenshots of
girls he had met in
chatroulette and he answers no it's because
If he finds out, he'll go to the channel and you
You're left without videos, look what that was all about
fake girls and I don't know what then
Why do they report your videos then?
why are you afraid of this girl
find out that one of your many
victims people and that's why threats with
denounce them so that they do not speak out against
you and on top of that they tell you not to worry that
This one doesn't understand anything and not only that
but also the type of thing
perfectly that I could not go up to the
that they were Spanish because that was already
perfectly that is how I could do it
easily to him when dallas entered
the turbo plan debate listen to the
eye music in the background while
left it like a rag
the debate about success is kids yes
Someone hasn't seen it, it's my channel
secondary but had a lot of success in debate
I with turbo plan first and then turbo
plan with Dallas
and send him directly to prison
I preferred to do it with girls
foreigners who know that they had
It cost a lot more to report it so that
then go on saying on your channel showed
I'm recording this for my channel
youtube so true and because here
You were saying that he doesn't find out because
If they don't delete your channel, I would like to
knowing what to invent so far is not that
It's a real joke, it doesn't fit if he
He says he put a sign saying I'm recording
for my youtube channel then these
tweets telling me not to find out has to
every fake feels that who really you
believe the box I sent you have noticed
that you have said has avoided speaking for
complete of the supposed box that he
I sent it to his house since I never sent it to him and
that I challenge him to go to all the agencies
shipments from Spain' with me to see which of
They had a record of never having me
having sent him nothing at home
He's not going to mention that anymore because
because he knows the challenge is a lie
provide any damn proof that you
I sent an empty box once in your
life the challenge we go to all the agencies
of shipments that exist in Spain one by one
one and we are asking for the registration to see
If I sent you something, don't send me something, let's see.
at what level of lie and on top of that the
levitates as if nothing were left, just shows
documents from your lawyer the level of
lie is please
try to say this as if to tell you that
basically I just show you
court documents that my has written
lawyer in this document where
clearly says that the guy is
lying about a girl's age
which he already made public at the time
These are documents that a person writes
Judge, this is not written by my lawyer and the
The simplest test is this one below
In this last sentence here it says to
tenor of the provisions of the resolution
appealed is fully adjusted to
right' and the appeal must be
dismissed this was some things that he
They would deny the male wish saying
clearly the guy was lying
and this is the dismissal of an appeal.
Only a judge can do this, this is not possible.
does a lawyer a lawyer does not dismiss
a resource and even a lawyer does
arguments to make an appeal or that a
appeal is not accepted but this is what he did
the judge herself, I don't know if the guy
tried to do this to get me to post
the name of the judge, so I'm not going to
do unlike what Ingrid did
at the time that as revenge he published
the full name of the judge who
file your case
which by the way is the footprint that I
touched I say nothing more because only with him
article and my own experience are more than enough
words
host
and for a photo
as
You can literally see it here and
Any lawyer can confirm this.
These are documents from the judge and
when they are documents from my lawyer
I say it clearly that my lawyer has
written or if it has always been
transparent with this but the worst thing is
that this guy is really using
documents from your lawyer to try
discredit me
look at this document here
wrote his lawyer to complain to the
judge that I had not eliminated the
video and I didn't have to delete it because
has no precautionary measure
thief that all are of his condition
literal as always the one that is
giving also many thanks to
welcome that is being given to you
the one that is giving him and we are carrying now
right in the middle of the video we are
right now right on the equator
I would have put other things before but
Well, they are given, no one has won
trial the guy starts to say as if
I would not have won any trial and that
tried to make my failures look like
victories but we have to
remind wish macho to beat him
Mariah's trial when she stole me
dog that beats disobeys an order
dismissed the counterclaim filed by
Maria and consequently I absolve this person
last of the claims in the lawsuit
sentenced to the defendant recommends to
payment of the costs and Maria has to
pay the costs to Dallas
With this entire sentence, there is no appeal.
judicial use a false complaint that has
lost the dog and disappeared from the
map this complaint by the way I won it from
the complete manner in which she was urged
to pay my lawyer at four or five
Years later I'm still waiting for you to come to me.
pay that money
mother of love beautiful uncle
mother of beautiful love
Do you think Huixm will ignore this video?
completely
pay me Maria I'm still waiting
but it is also that recently it does
Only a few months later they condemned one
little friend of hers who went to her last
birthday to pay me 40 thousand euros more
costs that rise to almost 60 thousand euros
for a video that he made me so here it is
the only one who fakes victories with defeats
It is you in justice that he has said
clearly you are a liar and you doubt
You are now trying to explain what the
true but it is not only that there is
won most of the ones I have
set against other people but
Also, all those who have given me a thumbs down
I have won them entirely in this
comic that will try to make us believe
It is not that he is waiting for evidence
no, not entirely
the one above is from December
and the one below is the engraving of mine
for gender violence ratified and
sealed but even if you don't know much about
Leigh Anne from Strange How It's Possible
that will be waiting for new
evidence of something that supposedly happened
nine years ago how are you going to contribute
new evidence of something you've already
reported and that you provide all the
possible evidence that you had from before
nine years of real study deceives the
people and there are some who don't think guys
Michu accusing me of asking for photos
so that he does not remember yet in his
2017 video is not much more than
You ask for photos of a minor under 16
are under 6, were not 16, were 18 in
the moment we spoke to this girl
She was friends with them but she is no longer because
I was aware of the kind of criminal
what it is and what it is form she never lied
At her age she had it public in all
sites and has uncovered wish michu such
who is pissed off because the trial
They accused her of being a liar, she was a friend
of them but also not only a friend
You have videos of the sight and with it
Well no longer because he deleted the videos
your channel but you have videos photos in
Instagram the night I had it there
party with them two I went out with Marie
with Cristina
Do you have photos in Vista Gran with them both?
They were dolls of Maria and Christina from
moment and then I don't know if Wil Michu
a flesh but it has made me
Cristina who have gone out to party that
Ingrid invited him to her house, I don't know, war.
who didn't know the age
and she clearly said since 2016 that her
case has nothing to do with minors
Do you know if this woman is public?
screenshots and said he was a minor and
said
and cheekiness, colleague
more shameless colleague Antonia
saying that yes, she said so
said about her
Wow
Wow, but today I'm dressed as a recruiter.
the lawyer's video and the one about Win Michu
They will rent Luismi, all that's left is to listen to
United Arab Emirates
retweeting the lawyer's entire video
all there will be serious questions no
Do you think Dallas should stop being
making so many videos to wish michu the
He himself said that he wants to stop and
Dallas continues
wants to stop but will have to retract
of the things he has said not ok but
is that all these people will smell the kilo and
everyone knows perfectly well that the one
China didn't lie about it, she knows it.
and Antonia has taken the good Antoniano to
everyone and says that in the trial that is that
the critical mind now only goes halfway
of video and it is annihilating it of course I
I have done it, I would have put it later
In the video wow, I'm freaking out
I hear it if she said it how much
I'm not a liar, you see 2016 and such.
I'm 18 but the wish macho lied
explicitly in his video putting the
little sign of under 16 and that for
of course the guy is not going to mention it
Today I want to see Wish fans.
dude listen to me
all all or that is to say that the lawyer
end of video
the lawyer at the end of the video at the end
of the trial in the video itself that has
the lawyer uploaded to his channel stretch
Many thanks in the video itself that the
lawyer has uploaded to his own channel
Ok, this is not what Antonia is saying.
from the public ard to the not in the own
video that the lawyer uploads to his channels
I knew it in that I say I knew it and
he says no no I what I know what she
has published and says so much my partner
of the opposite party as the
complainant did not name her, she did say
that he was of legal age but what sense
This lady may have to be older
of age saying that he is of legal age
post a screenshot of you flirting with
the complainant what sense does it make that not
has no such measures without
Vaseline is not even seen on pages for
adults
meaning who cares about that
absolutely no one that was public
precisely because she said she was
minor if he had not said that
was a minor, no one is interested in that
that what he said and he believed it but not
he, he, and all the media
and all the media
I would like to know what means of communication
all media
but they have won the trial like that and
They are beating their chests in a plan
Look, they have proven us right.
Well, my goodness, my goodness, I would have
If I had won the trial, I would have kept quiet.
TRUE
I am asking them to rectify this.
He's not going to do it because he's a
compulsive liar and it doesn't matter what he does
make it obvious because the guy is going to
keep lying and will keep adding
a lot of nonsense to follow
accusing while he is the real one
criminal that I have won the trial is
important to remember that a wish a lot
judges him for slander that something is
a slander is important to be able to
prove that the person was not just lying
but also lied with the intention of
lying knowing that you were lying is saying yes
Someone tells you that, steal the wallet and
You say this about slander.
you understand well sea win michu it is read it is
Leo will be tried for slander and
Insults are never worth the turbo town
react to Dallas' videos lol
because it will be betraying the win michu
yesterday I don't know what I would say but I saw that
was live
They told me that you would steal my wallet
No one can accuse you of slander because
you are saying that someone told him
something with which you do not even have the ID or that is
Slander is when you accuse someone
accuse someone of a crime
knowing that you are lying but if I
I accuse someone of a crime, I say that
there is a thief because someone has
told and I believe it
That's not slander, do you understand me? It's very
important
I understand knowing one hundred percent that
you're lying, you're just lying, but no
with the intention of lying and it is the
main problem number one of the
slanders that in order to condemn
you have to slander someone
prove that he did it with the intention
of lying in court only
He escaped from prison because if you
Do you remember in my last video where you
I show a fragment of the trial of the guy
He plays dumb, I don't know, I don't remember, no
I don't remember any of that, I don't remember
I should have called him a psychopath, no way.
agreement he acted crazy as if he didn't
I knew absolutely nothing and the worst thing is
which color expressly told him that the
holy lord had mistreated me
Ingrid's partner, no, what I'm saying is that
This man had complaints
He directly accused of that not only in
your video and not since 2014 on twitter
I was doing it, it's the first time that
I see this, it's the first time I believe
that turning away from laughter they are
throwing their heads to the wolves themselves
exploding face, very funny of course
guys michu should have deleted the video
make a pact and forget about it, Dallas wouldn't have happened
taken out the thing about the girls here only has
that losing is not for intelligence
to win the trial to spend money on it
trial for that next thing you spend it on
two ways to defend yourself for money
and the coasts and everything that is the Tsar
yours that is what you spend it on and it only returns
nobody but notice that this could have
reached an agreement many years ago
Ok but since there are people around him who
He tells him no, that we shouldn't get there
no agreement to go ahead because you don't
you said nothing was a lie
But what I'm telling you I didn't imagine
that in a trial these things would slip through, I
He would tell me that they checked things better
because that thing about Cristina is that she is
tremendous that you have that is tremendous and
This Twitter thing is worth it.
look bad or just like that here in the
video your video and no that no that no
What I said was that this gentleman had
complaint would have to review the video
I would have to review the video to see if it is
It's true that I'm just saying that, but I
some expression sounds like this accused
directly from that no longer only in its
video but since 2003 that tweets in
twitter or doing
josh this is the first time i see this and the
First of all, I don't hit them.
women going out there is no longer talking about
psychological abuse nor no I did not hit him
I believe the women in that tweet.
I'm freaking out, he didn't say but
that the sentence does not put anything of the
tweets and I think the tweets are not
In the penalty I think the tweets
they are in civil
and that's why I don't know I'm not sure but
is that the sentence does not say anything about you
trick
don't miss it but you are watching the
compulsive liar level now
It would be now one I didn't say that I just said
who had complaints
Javi posts the live stream of Twitch
I'm going to donate
the live of who from mangel
I think guys michu has very bad ones
together look and Ingrid Antonia arriving
as far as tarnishing his own image
I think Michu has been affected
because they told him to come to the video of the
forgotten milk later
I don't know, I don't believe it because they said
the same, I mean, I don't know, I don't know, I think that
I go a lot, a little bit, yes, that's how it is.
times I think he is influenced
for the people, for the people around them
but other times I say look no guys
Knowing this about Sara Villa, I said, uncle.
so what happens
from the past because he has to get into
life because it has taken the
girl and has apologized to the one who
be well he doesn't give facts what he does is
qualify is listening is all
Those of you who support Wish Michu Kiwis Michu
contradicting himself alone
qualified but does not have to be
facts have been more than proven that
he is saying that throwing reason into
judgment arises but if you are there in the
judgment saying that you don't that you don't
accused of abuse
In his video that he uploaded he says that he
agrees with everything he said in the
video but its rapper if they are
saying there are other things I try that the
The guy was lying, but what is left is
still proven in the damned trial
is that he lied on purpose, that was it
necessary to sentence him to prison for
That's why his strategy was to give it to them
stamps I don't remember anything they said
I didn't know that, I didn't say any facts that
just says observations but again
Here the only thing we are going for is the
complete judgment I am not like them who
show the part that interests them
each area that interests them not to expose
their lies that touch us help them
be mentioned because the lawyer
the lawyer gives the video its title
The lawyer names it a web video title.
and chuck wins the trial against dallas
sentence is worth a title and it is like where
you are putting in this title if this one is not
It is the trial, this is just the piece
from the back I wanted to put okay and now it says
Here, the trial of Michu gives the acquittal.
by wish michu
They play with that, I think they do.
They consider themselves winners and that they have
the more reason the more press release
have with the things the headlines that
they like them or I actually came a
David Bravo's friend is bragging to me that
then he deleted the tweet do you remember that
we were live I said look ha
David Bravo's friend came to
I presume that the news of the trial
from giving the talk 'The Top 40'
Well, he deleted the tweet after he didn't
I have it here, okay, but what?
and putting a tornado won won well yes
has won but I put the full judgment
Let's see what you said in the
judgment
This is where the entire trial takes place.
deleted part of sinking someone
sunken let's remember the video like this
the review is in this video
say the following saying that I went up
a video titled sinking someone
sunk and smoking Ingrid like crazy
power by telling thousands of lies if in
the guy dared to lie about that
video because at that time uploaded no
It was public that I made it afterwards
post it again in this video myself
He didn't tell any lies because
showed exactly what his girlfriend is
As he told me this kind of things
no lies because it showed such
which was nothing of defamation
but of course the guy was left in
evidence what I have done now has been
to form the argument more and instead of
say it was a video for the thing and
to defame you, he makes you say this in the
Ingrid's instruction process
Judge ordered him to delete the video
sinking someone sunken he said that
This was a lie and then he did it again
upload to prove it but of course
cutting a little piece that I could put in it
in trouble there as we went from a
little piece that could get him into trouble
to a video of a band standing not apart
The judge has also changed something else
He sent it to be deleted, okay, but it's that
Well he threw me in the 2017 video and said how
precautionary measure because that was abuse
to your ex-partner
There he was accused of abuse, but he didn't say it.
that this was a lie and then did it again
upload to prove it but of course it cuts
In the 2017 video he said the bones
He sent me, welcome, the judge said it to him
ordered it to be deleted as a precautionary measure
because it was abuse angel said
censored my donation on tweet saying
throw it at their motorcycles so that he could see the
Wish Michu's video, I don't know what nonsense
Carlos the angel setting but really yes
You go Esteban, what did someone say to me?
can be a bridge from what has
since this guy is here, don't go there
Annoying another General Carlos edition
many times I don't know if people will have
five years, if you have money
You're not five years old, you're stupid anymore.
It's okay, harassers, go somewhere else, not here.
Here we are not amused that
go bother another string of the
Whoever is stupid has to say it,
and short that it goes to another direct god
this is not the place
giving a little piece that I could put in
problems to her as we went from one
little piece that could get him into trouble
to a video made a good band now you
I will show the little piece that I cut out because
If you love to always hold on to what
The only thing left for you is more ground.
taking me more you follow shimane to the
Balearic mayor if not I am not sorry to see
what has put our video grabbing
but always changing the versions that
don't notice before we said the fragment
what cut and why the cuts and for
trying to justify the publication of the video
censored from a small fragment of my
statement that this is not even
I have and this as far as I know is
illegal to publish it because otherwise I would have
I am delighted to be able to publish it myself.
moment when Ingrid starts to
contradict herself if the judge
puts you to that to give the scolding to his
lawyer who is there in the middle because
wrote one thing in the complaint
totally different from what was declared
here in the courts and by the shot
If they are doing it for that reason
high up too if you do it in it
and young people and the judge realized and
He got into a really bad fight and got caught
Judge Hector got angry at her there in
half because he wrote something in the
complaint totally different from the one
went to testify here in court and
the slopes and gave accounts and gave it a
he got really pissed off
the judge gives us an idea of the fact
I just remembered that the macho wish
He started making fun of me not
could you post the part of Ingrid where
she was seen to explicitly contradict herself
notice how at the end of his garbage
text begins to say dallas does not have
right to publish the statement of
Ingrid, this is protected by law.
But wait, you can publish
the fragment that interests you or me
also publish your ex's one so it can be seen
how your ex lied in front of the judge
No, you're not interested in publishing that.
I can't publish it because it's
protected by law truth in level of
manipulation and liars that you are is
that the face of shame is known
I can't publish that but instead
They do publish this part and
listening that this listening already explained
manipulation has the thought
Here what we do a lot is play with
the fact that a judge told me you
I ask you to delete the video or mix it with
a precautionary measure not exactly
Juancho, thank you very much for Cautelar and this.
It is important to know because I never
They have imposed a precautionary measure on me.
It was specifically what he said in his
video and this is dallas review a measure
a precautionary measure is basically an order that you
They give you a precautionary measure so that you don't
commit a crime such as
a restraining order these orders
They don't come verbally, they don't tell you
at the moment or you can no longer
getting close to another person doesn't have to be
come written in the trial papers
that they have to notify of this measure
precautionary measure so that you carry it out this
The judge was a judge who has been in office for many years
years in court and simply saw
This fight is stupid, he told me.
that you remove the video after a long time
conversation about many things
relationship and told me to take it off
precisely for her to remove me from
problems and not having to see them again
I never knew these people again in my life
the judge unfortunately of what was going to
pass after I'm a new re the video
I put everything in private because I
I never repeat any order from position
To remove it I simply removed it in
plan of look, I'll remove it and that's it, it's over
They tried to make me later
you delete the video from the court but
the court completely ignored them
because it was not a precautionary measure I
I did it because I felt like it
recommendation of the judge at that time
a direct order because this is the
United States a judge does not tell you in
plan verbally if you can come because
I hadn't even seen the video yet.
still then I review it and
simply concluded that there was and there was not
there was no crime whatsoever
It is important to say that I did not have any
precautionary measure because the fact that
had it would have meant that
would have seen some kind of crime
content but there wasn't any and now the
wish macho takes advantage of another part that
delete I know this has nothing to do with it
with this live but I was very happy
knowing that you helped Basil
get your channel back hands clapping
great javi fire fire hunger for
That's for the partner to return to
trying to say that mine are things
bad I had, I repeat the video is public and
if I'm going to have any kind of order to
I had not been able to see how to delete it
public again I'm going to teach the part
to delete it since wish macho loves it
lie let's see what it is but what it erases
and because it is out part that erases and
washed pray is why because it will put
the part that was deleted seemed to me
This is unnecessary to defend myself but in
You need it right now, you know why
because I was saying that I had
sleeping with 20 or 40 girls will look in
her bed while we lived together
helplessness that gave me hearing that
gave such powerlessness
then with some doubt there is still the
civil trial thoughtful face yes but no
I have no idea how it works or anything
the second
I say that yes it had happened and that I had
given infinite rage that he did it on top of it
with a guy who was that until recently
very little friend of Luis Michel one who is
He calls himself Marky Mark Ward
then with something that did exist
past and that has made me infinitely angry
that on top of that she did it with a guy who
He was until very recently a friend of Luis
Michel, one who calls himself Marc
Imagine the strong one
what's up dude what's up jc thanks a lot
the strong case the inverse we imagine a
man after breaking up with his girlfriend
They can insult everyone on social media
social having been with other men
but of course I was the man
here and the poor woman is valid could
having accused me of a lot of things
is with a lot of girls because she
she totally wanted to as long as she
what he did and here I tell it in this
video I'm going to cheat on myself but no
in any case, but he had no more
no kind of protection and I could
having put my health in serious danger
I want you to see it because it is very strong
Luckily I'm clean but I could
having put my health at risk
heard is for the part that I delete
that I [ __ ] many but she does it
What is not counting is that he put me
horns while we were together and
I mean he [ __ ] me to give him the
He doesn't win, but he doesn't endanger it.
my health went another uncle 5 times
and then I went to myself and he didn't tell me
eventually I had no idea about this
I found out months later and not from her
precisely puts my health at risk
He said he could have caught any
thing then obviously already with the
After further analysis I saw that I had nothing.
But man, something could have happened and I
he cheated on her that was all
TRUE
out of pure desperation because she was there
my god the [ __ ] video is horny the guy
God
mine
all the time on Twitter putting a
a lot of nonsense about me and painting
I eat the worst in the world and what is not
He said that he was with this, I say that he had
a move that makes you flip out with him later
By the way, this same guy was one of the
that helped my ex love to hide my
dog for a long time this
such a Marc with his girlfriend at that time
I found out about everything and they sent me photos.
that on top of that they are so ridiculous
that one of the stories that usually
Instagram Seville with my dog in the background
They barely erased it but in those friends of
He sent me that capture and this is what I said
It wasn't to defame, it was to defend myself.
of the accusations that she was
doing because I was already saying how
If I were putting a danger to
her for being with other girls when
In any case, it was she who did this to me.
Stop lying about the content of
In this video there was no harassment or
information that's what you did
you against me for a lot of
years and even today you continue doing so
about another Maria and her photos, I think
observe this level of manipulation carefully
It's worth it because it cuts just like the old one.
Everything here is also brutal, the Dallas video
He keeps giving her one zinger after another
insert m already leave him he is already dead that
almost halfway through the video yet
what do you do looks good this is crazy
I don't know why he went crazy and in the
own video admitted it and that is nothing
the things that happen increase the
public is also to do with published
What kind of photos would those be if Dallas
I could threaten uncle uncle uncle I don't
I realized I arrived at the state Maria spoke to me
She was one of the girls who spoke to me
This is one of the girls who are in
the usual trial of this Maria
okay and these girls one of the ones that
He spoke to me to deny these
accusations that I told you about at the time that
our things had me contacted
two or three contacted me 2 - one contacted me
There was one missing that I don't know why I didn't
contacted also strange is but this one to me
contacted these girls one day
In class 3 another one already told them that
was with me another Diego will deal with
them but it's probably photos
committing war crimes in fresh
fire in free file
funny a short guilt to defend oneself
He said that those photos I had asked him for
They were not naked, however, the very
girl contradicted him
tasks without wanting to
the girl told me that they were not
Girls, I have a message
Michelle, thank you very much, Michel Salgado
has the name of a famous actress
I mean, listen to me, this is the girl I have.
the conversations because I haven't
deleted and I have them and I do have them
all expert all scientific of all the
roll see that I have the combination
These girls denying me everything but no
are the conversations in writing no no
I have it on audio with these girls denying it
give me everything and the next one
to which she later went with them
again on his 'twitter' the level of
cheap manipulation is important
remember two things first everything is
girl never went to trial, that's it
First and second, what I liked
the networks were not his house, judgment was of
social witnesses were not only about having
photos but that I was
threatening people is like game over
a wish michu face twisting from the
laugh not to see total with publishing them this
girl in particular not only lied to me
This is better than a soap opera or
popcorn popcorn popcorn with your
age said it we are missing half a video
I mean, what the hell are we missing?
only he also told it to javi in
his moment but also sent me
photos without asking thanks for the cameo
Dallas
The Dalai Lama asked for one thing:
who pays per video but I said no
I don't want to appear in your video, I'll leave it to you.
all the spotlight this is your moment
As Rosa Benito Sol Utah said,
nothing and my only point with this part
The end of the video was basically to say
I feel that there are things that should not be
It's unnecessary to tell what happened to Ingrid.
man with his hand on his forehead
If anyone doesn't sleep today, let alone
kiss churra improve your face throwing a
kiss thanks for once and tomorrow is
true rest totally yes it is
It is true that this cannot be told but
of course if the other one was saying other things
things about him
today I certainly wouldn't tell you, you know today
I certainly wouldn't take it out but if it is there
clicking clicking and taking things out and
taking things out is normal for him to stop
defend yourself explode okay you imagine that
I am something private to someone, okay?
that someone has told me and now that
someone publicly starts throwing me away
[ __ ], you want to destroy me, okay?
telling my private things but on top of that
lies then in the end I have to
to tell this you can't put it but
because it is also information that I
It serves to dismantle the lies that you
you have lived on me
I'm even born with what you sent me
truth to keep my privacy from
all people
I have audios of these girls from Maria
telling me not to send him photos of that kind
nature nor that the other asked for it more
with which at that time I could
have any kind of conversations
I always made sure to ask for the
ID and this girl after
tell me the age then he didn't want to send me
the identification because he lied to me
At his age, I repeat.
I have it that passes its route I just
how to get home from work at McDonald's
That rich guy goes to the CEO, kisses on your buttocks
baby lollipop lollipop lollipop
round pushpin round pushpin
round pin 'la and panthers to the south
and some Andalusians, happy Andalusia Day
that today is the 28th, today February 28th, kids
Happy Andalusian Day that I am going to spend
asleep like a good Andalusian, what a clich
It goes in the joke about Andalusians not because
favor
No Andalusian joke, please, Javi.
man, go [ __ ] yourself, [ __ ]
This case never went to trial because it was not
There was no crime and I never had anything
with her it is important to remember what
It happens that I really want to make you wish
believe that I went crazy and
admit that I had them as if I were
made me ask for them when reality
is that here the only one who asked for the photos
from her breasts to fans and up to 13 years old you were
you bug tt up to 13 years of age or
even less if you know the best of the subject
you did it publicly that everyone
tweets can still be seen on your
profile today but to make matters worse
This same girl wrote to me just a
a couple of days after the 2018 trial
It wasn't her who was in the
trial and assoliva as a witness and
They completely dismissed the testimony
I'm not going to leave you the name so that you can
you're going to say nothing
I want you to see that he wrote to me without
I have it, you are seeing it here, it comes out to me
allow these messages never
responded to this and tells me I am Maria
What did he tell you about the tweet? I deleted it yesterday.
I deleted it because I said there I'm going to defend
the 'u' so maybe I erase it I'm ready
The truth is that he didn't tell me anything about it
that you were there for so long in fact
She told me to be in a
a little while and since when I heard that
I was like lol, that is, taking it away from him
credibility of the other's testimony
that I was going to trial in Madrid because
so that this woman sometimes
in my favor at times it has been against me
mine there is no one who understands it
I sincerely believe that you don't deserve that.
the five years in prison plus I don't know what
It's likely and I even told the guy
who gave me the papers as soon as I finished
I wanted to do this but well if I have
Well congratulations, I'm sure not
nothing is going to happen because everything is a
silly little bear how is security
I obviously didn't answer him about the long ones.
never because I go to trial to testify in
my con which is the worst of the subject but
He writes this to me and we always go to the
her statement
I think this benefit does not arrive
because what a fabric, what a fabric one day
I should give it to her, they taught her that.
They asked about a tweet I had posted
defending my here this one that erases it
because he was going to defend the other one, he doesn't have to
no sense and that is to apologize well
but do it well, don't go to adjustment that the
rule against me and then tell me that
nothing is going to happen to you
another told you something totally different
Well, two years and a bit have already passed.
recent honey but at least write a
more coherent message, no longer to me, I think
that practically any girl receives
some moment in your life intimate photos
of people without even seeing it has been
requested exam passes several times
also with girls and it continues to happen to me
to this day I have never ever spread
none of these photos or facts
just nothing with them minimum point
It was to say that I respect privacy
and that I would never threaten someone with
this kind of things because it is very low to
difference from you when a girl who
I reported a video because you finish them
without your consent that I put before
You can publicly harass that girl.
and I read more about this case in
this video i made about it so
There are criminals, happy Andalusia Day
churra happy face with smiling eyes
lollipop thanks let's see if it works
we explain I always take off trying
blame me for it all to try
save yourself from the things that really are
the dog talks that
buttock and a lot of doubt this is strong this
It was one of the topics that I didn't want to
pronounce because I don't want to interfere with you
in trouble neither Pablo nor for the other
okay yes yes yes yes one thing that
Yes, I am clear that in the
sentence is not accused of giving it anything
That is to say, in that sentence he is not being
judging dallas
What that sentence is saying is that
wish michu slandered him why not
did not make them equal in the exact word
nothing
It's six in the morning, what word is that?
until he slanders because he does not know
He considered that he was lying with
reckless disregard for the truth, that is not it
They are the words that put the sentence
oh well
like and responded on another video and
second one I did answers completely
organic in this regard is to explain to them how
is manipulating the sentence to
make you believe that the sentence is what
does is blame me for any things
person who is worse off in fact than in
the press
the press has said this is good there was
angle there was bar there was one in the press
an article I think was techniques and that
I told the mandarin the right to
rectification and if it does not go to trial yes or
Yes, it's true that he also has the face of
say that he hears that the lawyer considers
da vinci girl thinks she can
have
false testimony in the statement of
Dallas said something like that, I have to see that.
Ingrid had her Twitter in public.
in private
now they are private I studied law
but I had told myself that see
easily as in something that I am not
I am accused, the sentence cannot affect me
accuse me of anything and this is what you know
is that the sentences are not not
judging dallas
That is to say, he has sold it as if it were the
sentence we are going to half condemn
Dalai says that all people not all
That is not the sentence you are being given.
playing for serious injuries and for
slander is considered not slander
because I have not done it recklessly
expression to see the falsehood well yes
I don't know the technical words, can I?
make mistakes in the letters and it is considered that
You do not insult because you do not have the spirit
of slander were already in the sentence
It doesn't say that Dallas has been done and the other thing
He knows that people won't understand him and
manipulates people who have no idea
about what the people who are saying are like
uneducated on twitter actually believe they
that they are giving them ascar dallas and they are
remaining a hick because they don't understand
millions are laughing at them let's go
we are using a sentence and
I also misunderstood it
precisely take advantage of this
take advantage of the lack of knowledge of the
people and I predicted the day of February 10th
that he was going to use it against me and he's going to
trying to use a sentence that was not going to work
against me to try to make people
that I am a dog abuser like
You see here I told my lawyer too
How is it possible that a sentence
who is the accused
Thank you very much, I like things
Here my lawyer tells me clearly in the
section of the sentence that says it and it
What it really means is that it is not
that I say that I hit the dog but that
wish michu when saying it doesn't know that I don't
I hit him and he still decides to lie but
he had another element
conversations that can make you think
that they had done it because
Let us remember here what is judged is whether he
he lied knowing that he was lying or if
He had been deceived and lied without
we all know that he lied
wanting and on purpose is basically
The only thing I did was this part
sentence he did not lie wanting to lie
but Mary gave him some
conversations and he could believe that
They were real, that's it, that's all, and this
It's my lawyer explaining to me what it is
confusing I know I didn't understand it either
At the beginning I said how do you understand it well?
Uncle, be it if you don't want us to stop
further explain this
you understand it well
the concept of injuries and
you slander the difference between one and the other
and because it is paid and as it is
possible that I like things
when we also have another sentence
different from that which diminishes its value
complete to the expert you see that it is not
assess the value that these have or do not have
evidence that either none here what
It is valued if Wish Michu saw it that
that could make it real or not and that's it and of
made here a judge that this gives me for
another whole video is shelved
absolutely to this topic saying that
Basically those initials are of no use
absolutely nothing and wish macho goes
saying that I am an enemy of
the experts salad of those shells
crying with laughter
but point by point it is to be seen here
the proof of a communication
bidirectional through any of the
multiple messaging systems
snapshots must be addressed
with all due caution
possibility of manipulation of the
digital files through which
materializes that exchange of ideas
That's what he's saying here, no.
the supreme court the second chamber of
The criminal thing is that the communications are
They can manipulate me in some way, I don't
I understand computer science and that's not fair.
so we don't know what he's telling us
that what they are manipulating has been
saying is that for it to have value
They have to ask for it from both sides if
I don't understand wrong, it won't be essential in
in such a case the practice of a test
expert opinion that identifies the true
origin of this communication is worth
2 when the thanks that I also
I put in my own orders to go in
against him and he dedicates himself to trying to go
against the experts that I present
against him then I could too
play the same strategy as wish
Michu, enemy of the experts, is trying to
use this fallacy to try to make us
believe that I am well
computer expertise service
computer expertise according to WhatsApp
company that operates the application
WhatsApp
great according to whatsapp company that
explodes the folds the application passes
This does not store on its servers the
content of the conversations between
users of the application this
It means that the computer expert
may not rely on the judge in the case
that you want to make sure of the
authenticity of the messages sent and
received
can request through the police to the
company that identifies itself as
Indeed the messages were
sent and received okay
against everyone as if I were not
were right and an expert
simply all it does is take
your phone look at the database and
say if it is true the message is there
point but you can't know if the
message has been previously modified and
It can be done without any trace
without leaving a trace even more in
conversations from before 2016
WhatsApp conversions not even
They were encrypted and there are super tutorials
singles all over youtube about how to
modify WhatsApp conversations and
That's why the judge here cites what is happening
that for something like this to have some kind
both have to make sense
devices if it is both
devices obviously compare those
conversations never existed in the
life and that is why it is not only in your
mobile phone so we can say that
They are fake conversations if they are
because you can know even more than they are
fake conversations is because the type
In his video he begins to say this
interesting because it shows that Dallas
He doesn't want the dog and I don't want the
dog don't miss it guys macho the one who
I'm doing what I'm doing, I'm changing reality.
able to get into my mind and say that
I don't want the dog, its source Miami is
confirmed it let me understand one thing yes
I wouldn't want the dog because it would take
thousands and thousands of euros spent on
try to recover
and dog exactly what benefit you
I would give myself a dog that is more than
nothing a responsibility I don't earn anything
wanting to get my dog back to level
neither monetary nor advertising nor
absolutely nothing if he maybe
think that I want my dog for
try to clean up my image something like that I
I already have a dog with Liz and right now
I already have a cat with lis and right now
Those of you who see me know perfectly well
How I am with my animals, I wouldn't want to
my dog wouldn't bother me walking
spending a lot of my savings
to try to recover the pains of
horrible head is helping
getting my dog back and fighting for him
2016 design but you know who doesn't want it
To my dog, whoever doesn't like my dog is
My ex, what he did was hide behind his back
It is up to parents to be successful
He saddled the parents at home with the idea that
They will take care of them because it is because a
dog is a responsibility to me
dog as a trophy as something that has
mine and they will never give it back to me
nor to my dog who puts it on himself
to their own parents instead of having it
her and worse if we are going to enter with the
logic that they supposedly lost it
We are talking about that within that
logic that is not real she lost me
dog and said absolutely nothing in
none
on any social network it closed completely
the mouth and did not publish a single poster
that my dog was lost that is
typical of someone who loves their dog
I ask if he is a male delinquent.
I would like to know, answer me that is
true, I forgot that you are at home
coward without opening your mouth because you
I love making healthy ionized videos
You can answer the questions, I can't.
I have to do that being a criminal and
coward also remember something that I
I will ask for money in the Argos trial
My air asked for money in the vice of something
for the issue of maintenance something like that
I think it was
that my ex did not ask for her in the trial
Look, she asks for money in a
counterclaim that you can see in the
second paragraph that comes out as
rebuke to what we have read before
and the condemnation in the payment of costs
custody of the dog if he did not ask alone
money money is the only thing he asked me and
The sentence to pay was rejected
all coasts and I'm still waiting
that they spend on me in the trial of and when
will pay for the certificate
when you are going to pay the fee
the judgment of the naked back eye eye
torso and photos to wish males he and not
I want this video to end without
I don't care if I finish at 10 in the morning
that the mouth saying that a part of it
judgment considers proven facts that
I sent a photo of my torso and he loves it.
manipulate the sentence and put the part
that it suits him best while not
puts other parts where it says that the
testimony of his alleged current girlfriend
was get good that of the thing of the
torso what analyzing the sentence of
Dallas
that was the first to tweet it
David Bravo, so David Bravo doesn't
is that I work only to bring you
the trials until entity but that
publicly and he seems to have something
personal against him given because he
participates in the theme of the image of the
Dallas is not coincidentally the brave one
analyzed the sentence on his Twitter in a
thread and coincidentally in the media
communication had a headline that said the
Analysis by lawyer David Bravo on
the Dallas ruling
and so they have referenced the naked torso
This is because it is too half
too much God declared
However, that goal has not been achieved
for 8 thank you very much not resulting no
Doa's statements are convincing
Maria neither of this nor of this one currently
in unknown whereabouts I don't know the girl
It was because he didn't want me to
He said go to me and I have the calls with
She jokes about them and I have everything about the audios.
I have everything saved on Instagram
when necessary due to its clear interest and
to make enemies with the accused in his day said
publicly that the group had spoken
of lying to the police
given with zero credibility in this
judgment the testimony of the person himself
alleged victim was also considered
with zero credibility, it's better not to do that.
He says because that speaks very badly of him
collects only part of the sentence
that is very poorly collected the only one
sentence thus appealed a sentence
acquittal is stupid do you think this
your pathetic lawyer tries to get me out
the judgment I had against him and you want
see how even the judge herself cuts him off
and does not let him continue with his arguments
Thank you and thank you very much
Daniel welcome, that is, really serious
giving what nana says welcome
He gives what he says, of course it is
absurd to touch a sentence that already
absolutely goodbye
we are that we should see the
situation and what I recommend to you
lawyer no or I say that I would be such
They'll change that for me no matter what, but exchanges
The sentence is already acquittal so that
you're going to be touching the balls
if the same sentence states that no
they caught him that the that the that the victim
He did not hand over the alleged victims
never the conversations that were asked of him
and did not deliver them then as a young man
He confirmed that he asked for a photo, a proven fact
That is a mistake that is poorly recorded
spot
but credibility is better not to say that
because that speaks very badly of him, he says.
are a part of those that were imagined in the
assuming that she did want it
send what sense does it make to go to him
send a photo that is already in all
parts sentence that is very wrong
collection that the only reason why
We did not appeal it because a
acquittal and appeal
acquittal is stupid is that
This is what your pathetic lawyer is trying to get out of me.
in the trial I had against him and
Do you want to see how even the judge herself
cuts him off and doesn't let him continue on his
quarrelsome arguments with and many
Thank you, welcome, you are here to
Listen to this carefully, this is poetry
Purely this has taught me the other part
Well now the original trial has been taught
It is not in fact true that it is the
acquittal sentence of which both
speaks that is taken for granted that you
He asked the minor for photos if that would affect his life
by prologue they had condemned on the spot
That's what I understand about the act
pay attention to these facts
very good
That is to say, pay attention to what the
bone now this is very good and less
bad because all the very attentive to what
what are you going to say the bones are worth it because
because I'm seeing people sharing
David Bravo's Twitter tweet is worth it
that where saying look again
They have brought up the issue again in a trial
who sent a photo to the minor, be careful
Pay attention to everything the judge says
Pay attention to how he cuts it and what he says
is that we are not going to do readings now
secondary one in the other in the
questions and answers readings
secondary is basically what it does
the lawyer will try to modify a part
the sentence tell me what he is going to put on it
car already in a totally quarrelsome manner
how the news media does to
give them whatever they want even though
It is a sentence that says that I am
innocent tries to paint it as he pleases
wins than to listen to how the judge cuts him
it's great
have a photo and well then any
photo in which she is absolutely
decent or the person under 16 years of age does not
has no problem and the other is a
door with certain connotations of
sexual character
in all children in all children
Of course, how the hell is it going to be?
same, that is, you are telling me that three
magistrates who three lawyers
In the prosecutor's office in Madrid they did not examine
well the context
of everything
You can ask my cousin for a photo of
My niece today to send me a photo of the
girl I haven't seen for a long time
I can ask my father for a photo of me.
When I was a kid I can ask for one
photo what is the context your honor to it
I'd rather ask for a photo of myself
nephew that I have a 14 year old nephew
almost 15 years that is always that
buy me fornari buy get in here I don't know
that in his room and maybe I can
Ask a boyfriend for a photo and they send one
photo of the boots you want
buy or send me a photo you know how you
That tracksuit that I bought for you is here
bought
The queen says clearly that she does
man what are you doing is that you are
trying to do secondary reading of
what the sentence says please
man the first thing the sentence is
bad pickup is okay because it's not that he
sent a photo so she can have that
photo at most because I was posting
next door okay but what Dallas no no no
raising that photo
For this extract of the judgment now every
every time you go to take it they interrupt you
Bravo to David for this
and if something related to it was said there
photos of minors if it was content
none I added to it
explain the context of this part
sentence that's me talking okay no
This part is well collected
sentence because I can understand
Someone takes it out of context
But that's what it's given to me
proven that I did that is very neat
but only well since it makes sense
that this is given as a proven fact
and don't let them condemn you, uncle, and don't let them condemn you
I told but there are a thousand things that
The sentence itself states that the girl does not
never handed over the conversations as they were
They have made me seem overwhelmed but it is
What this lawyer knows is that this
lawyer has read the full sentence
man and he knows that he puts what we have
Seen on Twitter, man, please know.
What does this say, man, please?
m in response and also publish the video
and he must have seen it for sure because
the video of the sentences of why
I was more collected because in this
moment I ask the audience
they say
in video photos of minors and I said no never
and then I can think the only thing that
I could have because I was thinking about
the best thing I could present when
We looked at his photo. I don't upload photos.
pornographic to my social networks and the
The only photo I had was one that is already
I previously published my twitter and said the
maximum that could have and not referring
one that I have sent it to him but not
maximum that I could already have mine for
present there is a photo that was already
public before does not mean that I
I said that sending that photo is not possible and it is
recorded on the video but that part is
Unfortunately, I wouldn't have done this.
placed at the beginning more at the beginning of the
video I would have put the weak point and
first and after I had put this
part I have done what I have put
fact and the thing about Cristina Bernal very
well collected but they don't see us
appeal because he has not done this
published by the lawyer on his channel
youtube this was not posted the allegations
endings where there is no one to cut you is worth it
no one's help cuts you off we say to the
people putting it on their twitter
I'm surprised no one cuts you off.
Leave 30 minutes talking and no one will interrupt you.
Of course, these are the final arguments that
There you can talk for I don't know how long
I don't know if it will have a limit, but
but of course you haven't published the
trial look here what happens and there is the
people telling him we even saw soldier
putting it again they tell him in the trial
The thing about the minor and the photo there is like no
Javi's reaction represents me, let's go
to the clear man of course yes because
It really pisses me off, he isn't it
perfect is real will give is not perfect
You will have many occasions when you make mistakes
a behavior that is perhaps the best
answer many times, calm down with poise
for not adhering to this, throw yourself here
supports and is there will have its flaws like
I have them like we have everything but
I am unfair and on top of that it is happening
trying to continue using things now
as if to say that this is not a
slander that has been proven to be
everything else that the sentence put this
like giving people the green light to
I think they should keep giving him everything.
mind-blowing, I find it mind-blowing that
It feels good to have always been in
the right side I already threw the video
I'm going to sleep, take care of yourself, Javi.
grace or anything this eclipse
I said save the one who put it man already
Alright
by the acquittal sentence no but
and I hope you put something else that
I told him I hope you're going to freak out okay
and that cannot be used like that
and it is also later
then you can't say that's it either
justification of his video that was
end of 2007 with the sentence that is
end of 2018 but the sentence says that
you slow again again another new
say the same thing as the website cuts it and
one goes again the sentence and one fights
the shipment that no but the sentence says
that you are in the justified for your
perfect ball house at your house is not
wait and I was going to say it again another time
good good time the sentence again
I was going to say this is like the video
own judgment to see what it was
I said the only thing
which may be similar to that it may come
over there is a photo you have heard that
there may be some of me out there who hung himself
publicly not her
that was publicly hung not to her is
my torso but it is something that for konex he
He's trying to make the kid look like
pedophile who is trying to
let the shadow of doubt be sown
around him he said that by balls
They want to do that, that's why it's not seeing that.
He is not a man, he has already given enough
a tweet that was made public at the time
I posted it on Twitter a bit accidentally.
and it was published, I imagine that
sentence I wanted to collect is that it remains
approved that at most the girl could
have this photo but not because it has been
sent but because it was on Twitter
knows why he put it on Twitter video
I imagine they wanted to put something like that and
They picked them up wrong is what I think
I guess it's okay because it's clear that it's not
They can put that into proven fact when
then ahead he is telling me that the
girl never contributed the compensation that
he asked for a man
That photo is not public, but it is not
way I already specifically put it to him in
one tweet and it's leaked everywhere
but otherwise, specifically, never to her
She sent me a photo of her torso
Specifically, he never sent her a photo of
My torso, you've heard it right?
Which one of them is still lying about this?
You all put this clip on a joke
sides and let them eat that part
sentence is poorly recorded and is very
common in sentences that are if it has
position will put others here in this
video about 7 bad pickups and that's it
manipulative convicted criminal
violent wish michu close up for
trying to deceive people even today
today and tries to deceive his
subscribers and my subscribers are
judicial things that he himself knows that
He keeps lying about it with
videos that also remain public
You have to be short but you have to be good
creep to think that you still have it
people to continue believing in you
lies to get people in were even
unrelated to all this problem to put in
even to Auron to Sara that to all this
people in the middle who by the way
remember that he started publishing this for
true without the permission of aurum and it is put
for this as proof
This was the big discussion he had with
auron for me and this really is a
discussion for me where is the discussion
Here I would like to know is that you yourself
you publish this test to try art
believable to yourself and you sink alone
where is the discussion here because
Let's remember what you said in your video
original is even I defended it I had one
Host discussion with Aurum Play in
at that time a discussion of the
host the discussion of the host
call me annoying and you just tell them
that they have already gone through a bit with Dallas
What and you just telling him that it is
that they have gone a bit too far with some
things
This is a hell of a discussion that
you take yourselves for really stupid
Aurlie doesn't lie, Euro doesn't lie
saying that he has never had problems
with you now one said things as they are
This is not a big argument or a big argument.
It is a discussion even and not only
you want to manipulate and you also want
manipulate by calling Auron a liar and
last showing his conversations
without any kind of permission it is already
advancing the axis and this saga by in
means for everyone to call it false without
no type of permission with people who
supposedly they were your wish companions
macho hides part of the sentence
As we have already seen the previous things
I would have liked to have taken it out
another thing d
from the Madrid trial that I told you about
take this out because that's all
It is important, I don't know if we like it more
go ahead no I don't see it here
I don't see him around here, I don't think he's a male.
loves to cut things out
convenience to make it look like what it is not
is and to be able to enter into its rhetoric
to do what he wants well
because of their sentence they only put the
parts that interest you that we have already
would have been going
I would have added more minutes to the video or
30 more seconds to the video so that
that seems essential to me
It's a shame because he had a masterpiece
Come on, there is a previous test like
modify the dog to make it
the people who sentence me
of something which is not so but that
on top of that, part of the sentence is skipped
where it says as is that I am innocent
here it specifically says that it is
ratified by the audience not like him
likes to make people believe that he doesn't
It is not due to lack of evidence yet.
has done here tells me nothing of lack of
prices
These are these are part of the
sentence okay ok
According to good michu, he has won the trial.
because they have given reason to everything
who said in his 2017 video okay look
what's going on here
This is the court for violence against women
processed a complaint in gray, okay?
were about the dismissal
provisional manuel welcome ok
In 2012 I have been giving a show
about this in your
Yes, tomorrow Felipe
only two weeks after the video
Wing Michu closed the Ingrid thing, okay?
and the Maria tea, be careful because they put you
that his request for further information has been denied
having tried to reopen it is fine and
ratified
in September 2020 ratified and
then we have here again the subject of
the minors in case this is not clear
It is a Mortal Kombat type fatality
This is brutal or the only thing I like
I would have put another order to the
points is what I would have given it already
I what not to always have the points
They have to go from highest to lowest.
make sure that the first thing in the most
strong worth
perhaps to Dallas' liking it has been
stronger what he has put first for
For me, for Newton, I have done it, I would not have done it.
left to the end
Well, this is worth the Madrid trial.
the bastard acquitted Daniel of both
crimes where it is stated due to lack of evidence
is that this term does not exist, it is absolved
or it is not resolved, it is acquitted or it is
condemnation point ok so here you are
seeing these are the proven facts ok
The six hundred are the proven facts
I don't know about this part of the sentence
memory this is what is checked okay
This is what is checked and
checks that if there have been the
trials must go genres we know
all internet ok
It has clearly existed that it has existed
Madrid trial, of course, we know everything.
internet but that has been won that has been
won ok
Therefore he is not condemned for slander
because even if they had been the result
accredited beyond all doubt in a
criminal trial the facts reported and
those he referred to in his video of the accused
It cannot be said that the accusations
were false and with one's own hands
see a full-fledged kingdom
manifesto of the perdition of all
confrontation with reality or
knowing its inaccuracy that is why not
the slander is answered and then
Here is the case of the injury is worth it
As I said, it is worth looking at this part.
of the sentence is important and
This part of the very important
sentence ok
look
the accused and the complainant are two
people who have made their lives such
which I am absolved from and from his
public image through YouTube
modus vivendi to the point they enter
large amounts of money for the
advertising that appears in your videos
Thank you Daniel, welcome and in operation.
the number of followers and visits
that they themselves reveal in their
videos of his life and his privacy
is exposed in a way that can
consider yourself spoiled and talk about it
both
This is from the sentence eye so much that
They use the other sentence that is already there
in the ruling of Win Michelle
goalkeeper michu is saying that the
two earn large amounts of money
okay and in their videos they reveal their
life so your privacy is
exposed
It is clear what the endorsement sentence says
You can get it here, I'm sure you
publish the whole [ __ ] sentence, man
public is worth it and that's it, it touches the
[ __ ] this [ __ ] [ __ ] tiba la
relationship between the two has also been
subject of various videos blah blah blah
okay, it is not considered an insult
because as well here in the last
capture is worth as there is a crossing as there is
There is a cross between publications because it has
more weight the critical mood or the animus
They defend that the animus injuriandi is ok
well, that's it
whatever is true everything he has said
in what part of the sentence does it say that
everything he said in 2017 is true
It doesn't say it, it doesn't say it in the sentence, I
I have read what it says that no is no
there is no such thing as too big a thing that would be what it is
said by criticizing for defending
not for green dandy animus that spirit no
Your video exists in the Animus in 2017
anding is green handling did not dare
What you are seeing does not exist, how good
that he has not done it with the intention of
to insult that he has done it as a spirit of
clerk very good great good
bug but it's not giving you the reason if
the [ __ ] myth king is not here
for the video and credibility I refer
the [ __ ] does that right there is no hunger
That's why they waited 10 days for that reason
They have waited 10 days so that they do not
can appeal so that no because with
the things he said in the video no
has sent reason to everything is that everything
What I say is true, look, then
many of the things he says in his video
would have obviously been able to resort to
today to this gentleman who is saying yes
it is being absorbed if it is being absorbed
absorbing because it's not supposed to
has done so with manifest contempt for all
the truth reality is in that attitude
as if I were teaching you, he is saying that
The sentence gives him the reason because not because
that has been expected for ten days
innocent and that the accusations by
of his two girlfriends it is not that simply
They will archive them because they were ratified
by the audience or rather to your house but it is
that on top of that another part of the sentence says
just like in this part here they are
very legal language but the translation into
Christian is basically saying here
that I am innocent of everything that happened
dog of what he accuses me of the others
your girlfriends from my trial in Madrid-
but he is not condemned because he
believe it is true and to be able to
condemnation must be proven one hundred percent
percent that he was lying on purpose but
that he was lying, he was lying and here he is
It says clearly and here too how I am
completely innocent and if you don't believe me
because you don't understand this legal text
hired any lawyer and
You ask for that to translate but
Of course, this part doesn't suit Wish Macho.
He is interested in showing it because he prefers
breaking the law and skipping pay
public the sentence public the gala
publish the whole [ __ ] sentence to you or
publicly was
so you make everything good
for their watermelons and make people who
a sentence where he was the accused
He is going to accuse me that I am the one
whistleblower and how lazy there are people who
he is still able to believe his ramblings
ridiculous and on top of that telling people
that I was acquitted for lack of
evidence that lack of evidence nor that
Garbage is saying acquitted and that's it
because I'm innocent that's all and if not
you have been paired with macho guys in this one
sentence is because end cyst amnesia
end of joke that you didn't remember anything and
Today I said that, I did not accuse him as already
we have seen in a previous part of the
schp lazcoz proven and I want you to read it
comes that this the male wish you
hides everything shows only that for him
civil dallas can use as evidence
the new video against dallas or no face
thoughtful
I would say yes
how many anima and javi ha ha ha the gentleman
there are a few there are a lot there is a
There are a lot of them, but come on, man.
I would say that I can use this for
to receive as a new fact
Of course I would say yes because we will see
If your spirit is to defend yourself
because now you are saying these things
I don't know, I don't know there
I stay away from what he says
is the IMF convenient or disgusting well there is a
My clip that I have already said many times
talked about this a lot of times in the
past where he is part of a live show
when I was 18 years old and I started to
say x says the following if I were him
boyfriend gave me this have used
tirelessly trying to use it
as proof that I am a Taurus mark
Before giving you the context I want to say
That clip disgusts me, it's a clip of a
direct that they manipulated to get him out of the
context of what I was talking about in
this moment and also within that
I apologized immediately for
the nonsense and stupidity he just said
anticipate that you will not see the male wish
putting it on this live is not talking
neither a girlfriend nor absolutely
Nobody I was at that time in fact
single they asked me what I had
happened like Miley Cyrus who had
the boyfriend cheated on her at that time
moment at a festival that made it
put on stage to do things
with another guy my biggest problem is that
He was very blas and incapable.
to control the nonsense that could
say a direct and it was disgusting I don't
not even the slightest bit hidden but it's that I
Even in that same live broadcast I apologized
for that donkey that I said what I was
talking
if someone is really talking about it
Wisla meme for those who don't know is
A meme that was very famous in 2013 was
of Batman giving a gadget to Day
robing see if it was known as beat la
I was really angry about what Miley did to her.
Cyrus's face to the groom on stage
that was left to the poor boyfriend and gave me
so disgusting that I felt like saying it like that
I repeat, it was disgusting to say it, but it's just that
I even said at that very moment only
that I later apologized for a long time
after but in that same live I
I apologized that people love to grab
that takes out the clip where it gives the
win and then expose a plan to sleep
Look how bad this Dallas test is
You see it is also true at that time I
I was very self-conscious at this moment
seeing someone cheating
another person made me feel terrible
To this day I honestly don't care
but I am emotionally
quite used to serious things
hallucinations, I turn pitch black
I repeat, it was disgusting, I do not justify myself or
in the least do you believe that that was not a
video was a shitty live and I was
I would have honestly liked
and they will do it in what I have seen in
Twitter saying that you have to see that
They always recognize their mistakes and that
Dallas never actually, dude Michu says so
In the video, Dallas never apologizes.
never admits his mistakes
and what is this?
Cheers, cheers for USD is better! Chando
animus vick vaporub tease okay because now
I'm going to the cam myself and Tish is okay and
I'm getting into it because I'm with him
This [ __ ] cold that won't let me
rest tomorrow
I don't care about the videos I took all the time
Tomorrow tomorrow I'm going to rest, okay?
using useful steam to be able to
breathe ming courage breathe anding that
If it doesn't kill me, I'll erase that completely.
from the internet but since I am who I am I say
a damn mistake when I was 18
I follow a stupid phrase in a live stream
absurd without thinking that even today
They keep bringing them up to me.
the nothing that I said because what there is or not
It's just that I'm not like that, it's that I wasn't like that
neither but that this comes to me
say a guy who made more than 20 videos
showing girls' private parts
recorded without your consent in
chatroulette and with all the premeditation
come and tell me that in a live
disgusting I said a stupid thing in no way
no kind of justification but say that
a donkey on a live show when I was 18
years that this is the only thing you are capable of
to get me in front of everything that you
You have to hide it, it's a real pain
you will find absolutely nothing else
That was the worst part of me, that style.
the most serious thing I've ever said in my entire life
I was 18 and I said that garbage in the middle
You're not going to make a stupid live show
find nothing but that style ever
In all my life the wish macho can be
find absolutely everything
asking this of 15-year-old girls
13 threatening girls who report him
for uploading without his consent
insulting girls again for deleting
the videos even having published the
video of a little girl who will have no more
10 years old to say this kind of things
about her is
The change of secret will take me to jail
He's going to take me to jail because of you, girl.
that what is the uncle
the guilt of the parents who view them
he's just eating a candy
literally provoke these on Twitter
kitten
What's happening in your head is not normal
But he didn't just say things in
made them remember that we are not
judging him for saying strong things
It's just that he did that kind of thing, isn't it?
a dark humor joke or comment
ugly is that he harassed and profited
He manipulated and published nude girls
up to 14 years old in their chat roulette is
what I did and what you are going to give me your opinion on
face a stupid direct that with 18 years
I said rubbish that I didn't even say
I was referring to a well-known person but
that it was an act that everyone
I was pissed off at that athletic thing
pathetic and manipulative people have not
surprised because people are looking at her
that they had seen that clip and I had already
apologized a million times for having
having said that which I said at that time and
I wish I could delete it from the internet so
that this wish macho to try to get out
the least he has against me to be able to
take out the javi tomato with honey but
get well soon
Thank you very much, Diana, darling, a big hug
I see that you are giving too much attention
time for this that is no longer the first thing for me
believed
I understand it perfectly, so it is
who has not said a stupid thing about the
that you can repent at five
minutes in your life one thing that says one
stupidity once or several times in the
life but something else is a constant already
take away from these 30 seconds and have
I've already put the other thing I told you with me.
garbage if someone has that live by
somewhere complete the moment I speak
of Miley Cyrus and I'm talking about the meme of
beats lab and I also apologize for
Please send it to me and I will publish it.
complete so that everyone can
see the context because I apologized in
That same direct were very words
misused what I come to throw at it
face a criminal like him as if he
I would never have broken a plate there
to have them really big you have to have them
huge balls that balls cold
I have to be in the judicial system
behind see is different outside this
universe of lies and manipulations
judicial system operates under the
parameters of what to deploy and of the
oil
well 8 108 I always say it will never
changing guys is always the same
Man, man, I mean, I couldn't wait for him.
This in life is
There is never always the same greatness
that having them huge with the system is
different
out of this universe of lies and
manipulations of the judicial system
criticizes the judicial system when
wants and likes it and it seems perfect to him
when he wants to, he is also my friend today
believe this that ere is not out loud and believe you
I'm always going to eat this is a blacksmith
and that's what I think the points are
main ones to respond and dismantle to
wish macho and obviously there are more points
that I would like to try, I don't say no
coming to the studio as quickly as possible
possible to answer those things
that seem more relevant to me trying
send the horrible thing you have put your hand on
even within YouTube so that you
They put it inside the tender and are analyzing it
the subject but this this thing that he has put in
hand youtube and such let's see has new
planner or
I was a partner in the plan, I think.
the video just flies by
trend because it is not normal or so
Considering that I'm going michu
taking into account that wing michu of
Normally these are the visits that are
Considering that it barely reaches a million, it is worth it
It's worth reaching a million views, look.
Here is a video from two million years ago
three months
but it's usually bordering on video
and sometimes the majority in and the nose of
sometimes little I suddenly a video that in
One day he takes beta to know how many real ones
will have because it will have almost four
millions of real amounts are worth
both positive and negative comments
the number of shares you will have in
twitter you know I think it's on
trend because it is in from that point
Because if Dallas makes a video, it's worth it.
totally in the Dallas Channel
and well you wait for it and videos this to you
you expect it that's why I would have done this
video first okay here it could be that
has silenced so much life, thank you very much
here after this video three years ago
days later he uploaded the video win michu then
instead of making these quick videos
These three would have made this which is the
[ __ ] [ __ ] okay and now after
doing this accepted two facts for
of course of course so
I would have made an entry without a filter this one
better not react like that without editing it
I had done nothing without a filter but this one
I would not have uploaded it at the same time as
This would obviously have taken longer
but well, you would have had it maybe
today afternoon and now from
tonight or tomorrow
pim pim pim
Nautic's video aged very badly.
too fast which of them I don't know if
has uploaded a video on this topic, I haven't seen it
still
basically just from youtube I don't think so
let's see what the bots are doing
The thing about the votes of the likes is no longer there
I know I'm keeping quiet, I know that for example
hard he did it with me which was super
shameless not as a lie with me no
It was with turbo plan it was with turbo
plan was shameless and was already going
as
wait a moment, send one
stuff
abandons things
Damn, they just sent me some stuff.
but it is not without public that he is sent to
whoever demands it pointed out
you would have while I am finishing
the hidden channel so no one sees my
response is put in contact with all
the press to try to make me again
the same and I lose the shot by the backfire
because people are seeing the kind of
person that you are even your own
friends are seeing the kind of person
that you are today, nobody believes you anymore and
Soon even fewer people will believe you.
I just hope that when you don't go to
prison let you have a cell phone
continue laughing at you when you are
playing the fool
silver thank you welcome to dance
I'm passing by because you're giving us so much laughter
not all of them are equal
you can make the same move as
always and this time it has gone very wrong for you
Stop lying, criminal.
he has made it look like a rag
has made him
to understand what Dallas accuses Wish of
Mitsu as an abuser for the audios of
He and it is not like that we explain it here okay
we already explained it here
Dallas does not accuse Wind Bug of
abuser takes away from the other party
happiness to what Ingrid says as
saying look at this aunt who does the same
They have accused me when they broke up with me and
now he's talking badly to me
It is clear that he was speaking ill of him
Listen to people out there with nothing
audios do not exist, I do not have it nor do I
I want it or I don't want to know anything about it
never private things but it's hard for me
Well, there's no need for me to be with Xavi.
that
is that in fact in public on twitter and
even talking about you and the very indirect
direct or that is to say
that now then she or she has
regretful because at the time he put himself
to talk more about these people for the
hot whatever and now it is
He regrets it because he wants to carry on better
a cordial relationship with him for the
pets I shut up or not or not for the
pets the best because as it has one
county war there in the war with
Dallas, you have to be together to watch.
What they have done to Bilic is worth it.
The two of them went to ask the
life because life has made peace
with age it is how but what happens
If I can't take myself, I'll take myself.
with people and I don't get along I get along and I have
taken with people and made to pass with
people that Dallas gets along badly with and
They are going to kill with the Dallas and me the
Dallas doesn't cross his mind
tell me, hey, what are you doing doing the
make peace with this with the damage that has happened to me
made the common
We still do not have our knowledge of God
and how he gets along with someone that I
I see wrong is that we are not 15 years old
We are not 13 years old, and you are
you get along cordially with someone
It doesn't mean that I'm supporting him or that
agree with him in whatever he is doing
the other in what he is saying about the
another day I don't even know what I'm saying, your challenge is
a literal wine
I told you the title before we can
said that title but you have it you know
I would have put it game over, I don't care
I removed it from my session and put it there.
They are also military production
less powerful powerful answer for me
I would have liked to have put another order to it
the periods and apart from having put it
another order to the same point must be made
anything else that this can do
It's still valid but you have to do it
I will tell him it is obligatory and it is
put the description here the index is worth it
so that here the video is divided into
the points because there are people who
the whole video will not be seen and
So if you put all the here
points because he will have it
accessible, listen, I want to get information
About the sentence I'm going to see it or already
I want to find out about the client
that dallas the vitz lucknow because it
I put point to know then it has to
put the index here then I just say
sirs
words are unnecessary, don't happen, go straight to the point
No
to me to me but come on I'm going to see if I
I have to sleep sitting up because I have to go to bed
hobby with what I have in my chest yes
It's so easy, I have very little left.
there is very little life left
See you have a nice Sunday
Andalusia Javier Ma